Loaded plugins: fastestmirror
Loading mirror speeds from cached hostfile
 * updates-newkey: kdeforge.unl.edu
 * fedora: kdeforge.unl.edu
 * updates: kdeforge.unl.edu
Installed Packages
ConsoleKit.i386                         0.2.3-3.fc8.1             installed     
ConsoleKit-libs.i386                    0.2.3-3.fc8.1             installed     
GConf2.i386                             2.20.1-1.fc8              installed     
MAKEDEV.i386                            3.23-1.2                  installed     
NetworkManager.i386                     1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  installed     
NetworkManager-glib.i386                1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  installed     
ORBit2.i386                             2.14.10-2.fc8             installed     
PolicyKit.i386                          0.6-2.fc8                 installed     
acl.i386                                2.2.39-14.fc8             installed     
acpid.i386                              1.0.6-5.fc8               installed     
alsa-lib.i386                           1.0.16-3.fc8              installed     
anacron.i386                            2.3-58.fc8                installed     
apr.i386                                1.2.11-2                  installed     
apr-util.i386                           1.2.10-2.fc8              installed     
aspell.i386                             12:0.60.5-4.fc8           installed     
aspell-en.i386                          50:6.0-8.fc8              installed     
at.i386                                 3.1.10-20.fc8             installed     
atk.i386                                1.20.0-1.fc8              installed     
attr.i386                               2.4.38-2.fc8              installed     
audiofile.i386                          1:0.2.6-7.fc8             installed     
audit-libs.i386                         1.7.4-1.fc8               installed     
autofs.i386                             1:5.0.2-31                installed     
avahi.i386                              0.6.21-8.fc8              installed     
avahi-autoipd.i386                      0.6.21-8.fc8              installed     
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.i386             0.6.21-8.fc8              installed     
avahi-glib.i386                         0.6.21-8.fc8              installed     
basesystem.noarch                       8.1-1                     installed     
bash.i386                               3.2-20.fc8                installed     
bc.i386                                 1.06-29                   installed     
beecrypt.i386                           4.1.2-17.fc8              installed     
bind-libs.i386                          32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        installed     
bind-utils.i386                         32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        installed     
binutils.i386                           2.17.50.0.18-1            installed     
bluecurve-icon-theme.noarch             8.0.0-1.fc8               installed     
bluez-libs.i386                         3.35-1.fc8                installed     
boost.i386                              1.34.1-7.fc8              installed     
bzip2.i386                              1.0.4-13.fc8              installed     
bzip2-libs.i386                         1.0.4-13.fc8              installed     
chkconfig.i386                          1.3.36-1                  installed     
control-center-filesystem.i386          1:2.20.3-3.fc8            installed     
coreutils.i386                          6.9-19.fc8                installed     
cpio.i386                               2.9-7.fc8                 installed     
cpp.i386                                4.1.2-33                  installed     
cpuspeed.i386                           1:1.2.1-5.fc8             installed     
cracklib.i386                           2.8.10-3                  installed     
cracklib-dicts.i386                     2.8.10-3                  installed     
crontabs.noarch                         1.10-18.fc8               installed     
cryptsetup-luks.i386                    1.0.5-7.fc8               installed     
cups-libs.i386                          1:1.3.9-2.fc8             installed     
curl.i386                               7.18.2-7.fc8              installed     
cyrus-sasl.i386                         2.1.22-8.fc8              installed     
cyrus-sasl-lib.i386                     2.1.22-8.fc8              installed     
cyrus-sasl-plain.i386                   2.1.22-8.fc8              installed     
db4.i386                                4.6.21-3.fc8              installed     
dbus.i386                               1.1.2-9.fc8               installed     
dbus-glib.i386                          0.73-8.fc8                installed     
dbus-libs.i386                          1.1.2-9.fc8               installed     
dbus-python.i386                        0.82.0-2.fc8              installed     
desktop-file-utils.i386                 0.13-3.fc8                installed     
device-mapper.i386                      1.02.22-1.fc8             installed     
device-mapper-libs.i386                 1.02.22-1.fc8             installed     
device-mapper-multipath.i386            0.4.7-11.fc7              installed     
dhclient.i386                           12:3.0.6-12.fc8           installed     
dhcpv6-client.i386                      0.10-52.fc8               installed     
diffutils.i386                          2.8.1-19.fc8              installed     
dirmngr.i386                            1.0.0-6.fc8               installed     
dmidecode.i386                          1:2.7-1.26.1.fc6          installed     
dmraid.i386                             1.0.0.rc14-4.fc8          installed     
dnsmasq.i386                            2.40-1.fc8                installed     
dos2unix.i386                           3.1-29.fc8                installed     
dosfstools.i386                         2.11-8.fc7                installed     
dump.i386                               0.4b41-6.fc8              installed     
e2fsprogs.i386                          1.40.4-3.fc8              installed     
e2fsprogs-libs.i386                     1.40.4-3.fc8              installed     
ec2-ami-basics.noarch                   1.3-45455                 installed     
ec2-ami-tools.noarch                    1.3-45758                 installed     
ed.i386                                 1.1-1.fc8                 installed     
eject.i386                              2.1.5-8.fc8               installed     
elfutils-libelf.i386                    0.137-3.fc8               installed     
esound-libs.i386                        1:0.2.38-6.fc8            installed     
ethtool.i386                            5-1.fc7                   installed     
expat.i386                              2.0.1-2                   installed     
fbset.i386                              2.1-24.fc7                installed     
fedora-logos.noarch                     8.0.3-1.fc8               installed     
fedora-release.noarch                   8-6.transition            installed     
fedora-release-notes.noarch             8.0.1-1                   installed     
file.i386                               4.21-6.fc8                installed     
file-libs.i386                          4.21-6.fc8                installed     
filesystem.i386                         2.4.11-1.fc8              installed     
findutils.i386                          1:4.2.31-2.fc8            installed     
finger.i386                             0.17-35.fc8               installed     
fontconfig.i386                         2.4.2-5.fc8               installed     
freetype.i386                           2.3.5-5.fc8               installed     
ftp.i386                                0.17-43.fc8               installed     
fuse.i386                               2.7.4-1.fc8               installed     
fuse-encfs.i386                         1.5-3.fc8                 installed     
fuse-libs.i386                          2.7.4-1.fc8               installed     
fuse-sshfs.i386                         2.2-1.fc8                 installed     
gamin.i386                              0.1.9-4.fc8               installed     
gamin-python.i386                       0.1.9-4.fc8               installed     
gawk.i386                               3.1.5-15.fc7              installed     
gdbm.i386                               1.8.0-27.fc7              installed     
gettext.i386                            0.16.1-12.fc8             installed     
glib2.i386                              2.14.6-2.fc8              installed     
glibc.i686                              2.7-2                     installed     
glibc-common.i386                       2.7-2                     installed     
glibc-headers.i386                      2.7-2                     installed     
gmp.i386                                4.2.2-4.fc8               installed     
gnome-mime-data.noarch                  2.18.0-2.fc7              installed     
gnupg.i386                              1.4.7-10.fc8              installed     
gnupg2.i386                             2.0.9-2.fc8               installed     
gnutls.i386                             1.6.3-5.fc8               installed     
gpgme.i386                              1.1.5-4.fc8               installed     
gpm.i386                                1.20.1-89.fc8             installed     
grep.i386                               2.5.1-57.fc7              installed     
groff.i386                              1.18.1.4-11.fc8           installed     
gzip.i386                               1.3.12-4.fc8              installed     
hal.i386                                0.5.10-5.fc8              installed     
hal-info.noarch                         20080607-2.fc8            installed     
hal-libs.i386                           0.5.10-5.fc8              installed     
hesiod.i386                             3.1.0-9                   installed     
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch               0.10-2                    installed     
httpd.i386                              2.2.9-1.fc8               installed     
httpd-tools.i386                        2.2.9-1.fc8               installed     
hwdata.noarch                           0.215-1.fc8               installed     
info.i386                               4.11-5.fc8                installed     
initscripts.i386                        8.60-1                    installed     
iproute.i386                            2.6.26-2.fc8              installed     
iptables.i386                           1.4.1.1-2.fc8             installed     
iptables-ipv6.i386                      1.4.1.1-2.fc8             installed     
iptstate.i386                           2.2.1-1.fc8               installed     
iputils.i386                            20070202-5.fc8            installed     
irda-utils.i386                         0.9.18-3.fc8              installed     
irqbalance.i386                         2:0.55-7.fc8              installed     
jre.i586                                1.6.0_19-fcs              installed     
jwhois.i386                             4.0-4.fc8                 installed     
kbd.i386                                1.12-27.fc8               installed     
kernel-headers.i386                     2.6.26.8-57.fc8           installed     
kernel-xen.i686                         2.6.21.7-2.fc8            installed     
kernel-xen.i686                         2.6.21.7-5.fc8            installed     
keyutils-libs.i386                      1.2-2.fc6                 installed     
kpartx.i386                             0.4.7-11.fc7              installed     
krb5-libs.i386                          1.6.2-14.fc8              installed     
krb5-workstation.i386                   1.6.2-14.fc8              installed     
kudzu.i386                              1.2.79.2-1                installed     
less.i386                               406-14.fc8                installed     
lftp.i386                               3.5.14-3.fc8              installed     
libICE.i386                             1.0.4-2.fc8               installed     
libIDL.i386                             0.8.9-1.fc8               installed     
libSM.i386                              1.0.2-4.fc8               installed     
libXau.i386                             1.0.3-3.fc8               installed     
libXdmcp.i386                           1.0.2-4.fc8               installed     
libacl.i386                             2.2.39-14.fc8             installed     
libart_lgpl.i386                        2.3.19-3.fc8              installed     
libattr.i386                            2.4.38-2.fc8              installed     
libbonobo.i386                          2.20.3-1.fc8              installed     
libcap.i386                             1.10-30                   installed     
libdaemon.i386                          0.12-2.fc8                installed     
libdhcp.i386                            1.27-4.fc8                installed     
libdhcp4client.i386                     12:3.0.6-12.fc8           installed     
libdhcp6client.i386                     0.10-52.fc8               installed     
libdrm.i386                             2.3.0-7.fc8               installed     
libedit.i386                            2.11-1.20080712cvs.fc8    installed     
libevent.i386                           1.3b-1.fc7                installed     
libgcc.i386                             4.1.2-33                  installed     
libgcrypt.i386                          1.2.4-6                   installed     
libgomp.i386                            4.1.2-33                  installed     
libgpg-error.i386                       1.5-6                     installed     
libgssglue.i386                         0.1-4.fc8                 installed     
libicu.i386                             3.8-6.fc8                 installed     
libidn.i386                             0.6.14-4                  installed     
libjpeg.i386                            6b-39.fc8                 installed     
libksba.i386                            1.0.2-3.fc8               installed     
libnetfilter_conntrack.i386             0.0.82-1.fc8              installed     
libnfnetlink.i386                       0.0.39-3.fc8              installed     
libnl.i386                              1.1-1.fc8                 installed     
libpcap.i386                            14:0.9.7-3.fc8            installed     
libpng.i386                             2:1.2.33-1.fc8            installed     
libselinux.i386                         2.0.43-1.fc8              installed     
libsepol.i386                           2.0.15-1.fc8              installed     
libsmbios-bin.i386                      0.13.13-1.fc8             installed     
libsmbios-libs.i386                     0.13.13-1.fc8             installed     
libssh2.i386                            0.18-5.fc8                installed     
libstdc++.i386                          4.1.2-33                  installed     
libsysfs.i386                           2.1.0-4.fc8               installed     
libthai.i386                            0.1.9-2.fc8               installed     
libtiff.i386                            3.8.2-11.fc8              installed     
libtirpc.i386                           0.1.7-15.fc8              installed     
libusb.i386                             0.1.12-10.fc8             installed     
libuser.i386                            0.56.6-2                  installed     
libutempter.i386                        1.1.5-1.fc8               installed     
libvolume_id.i386                       118-1.fc8                 installed     
libxcb.i386                             1.1-1.1.fc8               installed     
libxml2.i386                            2.7.2-2.fc8               installed     
libxslt.i386                            1.1.24-2.fc8              installed     
logrotate.i386                          3.7.6-2.2.fc8             installed     
logwatch.noarch                         7.3.6-22.fc8              installed     
lsof.i386                               4.78-7.fc8                installed     
lvm2.i386                               2.02.28-1.fc8             installed     
m4.i386                                 1.4.10-1.fc8              installed     
mailcap.noarch                          2.1.25-1.fc8              installed     
mailx.i386                              8.1.1-46.fc7              installed     
make.i386                               1:3.81-11.fc8             installed     
man.i386                                1.6e-3.fc7                installed     
man-pages.noarch                        2.66-1.fc8                installed     
mdadm.i386                              2.6.2-5.fc8               installed     
microcode_ctl.i386                      1:1.17-1.39.fc8           installed     
mingetty.i386                           1.07-6                    installed     
mkinitrd.i386                           6.0.19-4.fc8              installed     
mktemp.i386                             3:1.5-25.fc7              installed     
mlocate.i386                            0.21-1.fc8                installed     
mod_suphp.i386                          0.6.3-1.fc8               installed     
module-init-tools.i386                  3.4-2.fc8                 installed     
mtr.i386                                2:0.72-3.fc8              installed     
nano.i386                               2.0.6-2.fc8               installed     
nash.i386                               6.0.19-4.fc8              installed     
nc.i386                                 1.84-13.fc8               installed     
ncurses.i386                            5.6-12.20070812.fc8       installed     
net-tools.i386                          1.60-84.fc8               installed     
newt.i386                               0.52.7-4.fc8              installed     
newt-python.i386                        0.52.7-4.fc8              installed     
nfs-utils.i386                          1:1.1.1-2.fc8             installed     
nfs-utils-lib.i386                      1.1.0-4.fc8               installed     
nscd.i386                               2.7-2                     installed     
nspr.i386                               4.7.3-1.fc8               installed     
nss.i386                                3.12.2.0-1.1.fc8          installed     
nss-tools.i386                          3.12.2.0-1.1.fc8          installed     
nss_db.i386                             2.2-40.fc8                installed     
nss_ldap.i386                           257-4.fc8                 installed     
ntfs-3g.i386                            2:1.5012-4.fc8            installed     
ntfsprogs.i386                          1.13.1-8.fc8              installed     
ntp.i386                                4.2.4p4-1.fc8             installed     
ntsysv.i386                             1.3.36-1                  installed     
numactl.i386                            0.9.8-5.fc8               installed     
openldap.i386                           2.3.39-4.fc8              installed     
openobex.i386                           1.3-12.fc8                installed     
openssh.i386                            4.7p1-4.fc8               installed     
openssh-clients.i386                    4.7p1-4.fc8               installed     
openssh-server.i386                     4.7p1-4.fc8               installed     
openssl.i686                            0.9.8b-17.fc8             installed     
pam.i386                                0.99.8.1-17.1.fc8         installed     
pam_ccreds.i386                         4-3.fc8                   installed     
pam_krb5.i386                           2.2.18-2.fc8              installed     
pam_passwdqc.i386                       1.0.4-4                   installed     
pam_pkcs11.i386                         0.5.3-25                  installed     
pam_smb.i386                            1.1.7-7.2.2               installed     
paps-libs.i386                          0.6.8-8.fc8               installed     
parted.i386                             1.8.6-10.fc8              installed     
passwd.i386                             0.74-5.fc8                installed     
patch.i386                              2.5.4-30.fc8              installed     
pax.i386                                3.4-4.fc8                 installed     
pciutils.i386                           2.2.9-2.fc8               installed     
pcmciautils.i386                        014-11.fc8                installed     
pcre.i386                               7.3-4.fc8                 installed     
perl.i386                               4:5.8.8-41.fc8            installed     
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                0.21-2.fc8.1              installed     
perl-String-CRC32.i386                  1.4-3.fc8                 installed     
perl-libs.i386                          4:5.8.8-41.fc8            installed     
php.i386                                5.2.6-2.fc8               installed     
php-cli.i386                            5.2.6-2.fc8               installed     
php-common.i386                         5.2.6-2.fc8               installed     
php-xml.i386                            5.2.6-2.fc8               installed     
pinentry.i386                           0.7.4-1.fc8               installed     
pinfo.i386                              0.6.9-5.fc8               installed     
pkgconfig.i386                          1:0.22-4.fc8              installed     
pm-utils.i386                           0.99.4-19.fc8             installed     
popt.i386                               1.13-4.fc8                installed     
ppp.i386                                2.4.4-2                   installed     
procmail.i386                           3.22-20.fc8               installed     
procps.i386                             3.2.7-17.fc8              installed     
psacct.i386                             6.3.2-48.fc8              installed     
psmisc.i386                             22.6-2.1.fc8              installed     
pth.i386                                2.0.7-3                   installed     
pygobject2.i386                         2.14.2-1.fc8              installed     
pygpgme.i386                            0.1-6.fc8                 installed     
python.i386                             2.5.1-26.fc8.2            installed     
python-iniparse.noarch                  0.2.3-3.fc8               installed     
python-libs.i386                        2.5.1-26.fc8.2            installed     
python-urlgrabber.noarch                3.0.0-9.fc8               installed     
quota.i386                              1:3.14-2.fc8              installed     
radeontool.i386                         1.5-2.fc8                 installed     
rdate.i386                              1.4-9.fc8                 installed     
rdist.i386                              1:6.1.5-44                installed     
readline.i386                           5.2-10.fc8                installed     
rlog.i386                               1.3.7-3.fc6               installed     
rmt.i386                                0.4b41-6.fc8              installed     
rng-utils.i386                          1:2.0-1.14.1.fc6          installed     
rpcbind.i386                            0.1.4-13.fc8              installed     
rpm.i386                                4.4.2.2-7.fc8             installed     
rpm-libs.i386                           4.4.2.2-7.fc8             installed     
rpm-python.i386                         4.4.2.2-7.fc8             installed     
rsh.i386                                0.17-44.fc8               installed     
rsync.i386                              2.6.9-5.fc8               installed     
rsyslog.i386                            2.0.2-3.fc8               installed     
ruby.i386                               1.8.6.287-2.fc8           installed     
ruby-irb.i386                           1.8.6.287-2.fc8           installed     
ruby-libs.i386                          1.8.6.287-2.fc8           installed     
ruby-rdoc.i386                          1.8.6.287-2.fc8           installed     
rubygems.noarch                         1.2.0-2.fc8               installed     
samba.i386                              3.0.33-0.fc8              installed     
samba-common.i386                       3.0.33-0.fc8              installed     
sed.i386                                4.1.5-9.fc8               installed     
sendmail.i386                           8.14.2-1.fc8              installed     
setup.noarch                            2.6.10-1.fc8              installed     
setuptool.i386                          1.19.3-1.fc8              installed     
shadow-utils.i386                       2:4.0.18.1-22.fc8         installed     
shared-mime-info.i386                   0.23-2.fc8                installed     
slang.i386                              2.1.2-2.fc8               installed     
smartmontools.i386                      1:5.38-1.fc8              installed     
specspo.noarch                          15-1                      installed     
sqlite.i386                             3.4.2-3.fc8               installed     
stunnel.i386                            4.24-0.fc8                installed     
sudo.i386                               1.6.9p4-6.fc8             installed     
symlinks.i386                           1.2-30.fc8                installed     
sysreport.noarch                        1.4.3-10                  installed     
sysstat.i386                            7.0.4-3.fc8               installed     
sysvinit.i386                           2.86-18                   installed     
talk.i386                               0.17-29.2.3               installed     
tar.i386                                2:1.17-7.fc8              installed     
tcp_wrappers.i386                       7.6-50.fc8                installed     
tcp_wrappers-libs.i386                  7.6-50.fc8                installed     
tcpdump.i386                            14:3.9.7-5.fc8            installed     
telnet.i386                             1:0.17-41.fc8             installed     
time.i386                               1.7-30.fc8                installed     
tmpwatch.i386                           2.9.11-2                  installed     
traceroute.i386                         3:2.0.12-1.fc8            installed     
tree.i386                               1.5.0-8.fc8               installed     
tzdata.noarch                           2008i-1.fc8               installed     
udev.i386                               118-1.fc8                 installed     
unix2dos.i386                           2.2-29.fc8                installed     
unzip.i386                              5.52-6.fc8                installed     
usbutils.i386                           0.71-2.1                  installed     
usermode.i386                           1.93.1-1.fc8              installed     
util-linux-ng.i386                      2.13.1-2.fc8              installed     
vbetool.i386                            0.7-2.fc8                 installed     
vconfig.i386                            1.9-4.fc8                 installed     
vim-common.i386                         2:7.1.245-1.fc8           installed     
vim-enhanced.i386                       2:7.1.245-1.fc8           installed     
vim-minimal.i386                        2:7.1.245-1.fc8           installed     
vixie-cron.i386                         4:4.2-9.fc8               installed     
wget.i386                               1.11.1-1.fc8              installed     
which.i386                              2.16-8                    installed     
words.noarch                            3.0-12.fc7                installed     
wpa_supplicant.i386                     1:0.5.10-5.fc8            installed     
xdg-utils.noarch                        1.0.2-4.fc8               installed     
yp-tools.i386                           2.9-2                     installed     
ypbind.i386                             3:1.20.4-4.fc8            installed     
yum.noarch                              3.2.20-5.fc8              installed     
yum-fastestmirror.noarch                1.1.17-1.fc8              installed     
yum-metadata-parser.i386                1.1.2-1.fc8               installed     
yum-updatesd.noarch                     1:0.9-1.fc8               installed     
zip.i386                                2.31-3.fc7                installed     
zlib.i386                               1.2.3-14.fc8              installed     
Available Packages
8Kingdoms.i386                          1.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
915resolution.i386                      0.5.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
AGReader.i386                           1.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
AcetoneISO.i386                         6.7-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
AcetoneISO2.i386                        2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
AllegroOGG.i386                         1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
AllegroOGG-devel.i386                   1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
BackupPC.noarch                         3.1.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
BibTool.i386                            2.48-6.fc7                fedora        
BlockOutII.i386                         2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
CCfits.i386                             2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
CCfits-devel.i386                       2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
CCfits-docs.i386                        2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
CGAL.i386                               3.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
CGAL-demos-source.i386                  3.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
CGAL-devel.i386                         3.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
CTL.i386                                1.4.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
CTL-devel.i386                          1.4.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
CTL-docs.i386                           1.4.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
Canna.i386                              3.7p3-21.fc8              fedora        
Canna-devel.i386                        3.7p3-21.fc8              fedora        
Canna-libs.i386                         3.7p3-21.fc8              fedora        
CastPodder.noarch                       5.0-8.fc6                 fedora        
ClanLib.i386                            0.8.0-11.fc8              updates-newkey
ClanLib-devel.i386                      0.8.0-11.fc8              updates-newkey
ClanLib06.i386                          0.6.5-12.fc8              updates-newkey
ClanLib06-devel.i386                    0.6.5-12.fc8              updates-newkey
Coin2.i386                              2.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
Coin2-devel.i386                        2.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
ConsoleKit-devel.i386                   0.2.3-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
ConsoleKit-docs.i386                    0.2.3-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
ConsoleKit-x11.i386                     0.2.3-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
CriticalMass.i386                       1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
Cython.i386                             0.9.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
DMitry.i386                             1.3a-2.fc8                fedora        
DevIL.i386                              1.6.8-0.13.rc2.fc8        fedora        
DevIL-ILUT.i386                         1.6.8-0.13.rc2.fc8        fedora        
DevIL-ILUT-devel.i386                   1.6.8-0.13.rc2.fc8        fedora        
DevIL-devel.i386                        1.6.8-0.13.rc2.fc8        fedora        
DivFix++.i386                           0.30-3.fc8                updates-newkey
Django.noarch                           1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
Django-doc.noarch                       1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
Django-docs.noarch                      0.96-1.fc7                fedora        
E.i386                                  0.999.006-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ElectricFence.i386                      2.2.2-25.fc8              updates-newkey
Falcon.i386                             0.8.10-3.fc8              updates-newkey
Falcon-devel.i386                       0.8.10-3.fc8              updates-newkey
FlightGear.i386                         0.9.11-0.4.pre1.fc8       fedora        
GConf2-devel.i386                       2.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
GConf2-gtk.i386                         2.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
GLC_Player.i386                         1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
GLC_lib.i386                            0.9.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GLC_lib-devel.i386                      0.9.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GMT.i386                                4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GMT-coastlines.noarch                   1.10-1                    updates-newkey
GMT-coastlines-all.noarch               1.10-1                    updates-newkey
GMT-coastlines-full.noarch              1.10-1                    updates-newkey
GMT-coastlines-high.noarch              1.10-1                    updates-newkey
GMT-devel.i386                          4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GMT-doc.noarch                          4.3.1-2                   updates-newkey
GMT-examples.i386                       4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GMT-octave.i386                         4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GMT-static.i386                         4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
GREYCstoration.i386                     2.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
GREYCstoration-gimp.i386                2.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
GREYCstoration-gui.i386                 2.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
GeoIP.i386                              1.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
GeoIP-devel.i386                        1.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
Glide3.i386                             20050815-6.fc8            fedora        
Glide3-devel.i386                       20050815-6.fc8            fedora        
Glide3-libGL.i386                       6.2.1-7.fc8               fedora        
GraphicsMagick.i386                     1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
GraphicsMagick-c++.i386                 1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
GraphicsMagick-c++-devel.i386           1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
GraphicsMagick-devel.i386               1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
GraphicsMagick-perl.i386                1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
GtkAda.i386                             2.10.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
GtkAda-devel.i386                       2.10.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
GtkAda-doc.i386                         2.10.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
HelixPlayer.i386                        1:1.0.9-1.fc8             fedora        
HelixPlayer-plugin.i386                 1:1.0.9-1.fc8             fedora        
Hermes.i386                             1.3.3-13.fc8              fedora        
Hermes-devel.i386                       1.3.3-13.fc8              fedora        
HippoDraw.i386                          1.21.1-2.fc8              fedora        
HippoDraw-devel.i386                    1.21.1-2.fc8              fedora        
HippoDraw-devel-docs.i386               1.21.1-2.fc8              fedora        
HippoDraw-python.i386                   1.21.1-2.fc8              fedora        
ImageMagick.i386                        6.3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
ImageMagick-c++.i386                    6.3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
ImageMagick-c++-devel.i386              6.3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
ImageMagick-devel.i386                  6.3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
ImageMagick-perl.i386                   6.3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
Inventor.i386                           2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
Inventor-data.i386                      2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
Inventor-demos.i386                     2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
Inventor-devel.i386                     2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
Inventor-examples.i386                  2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
InventorXt.i386                         2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
InventorXt-devel.i386                   2.1.5-30.fc8.1            updates-newkey
Io-language.i386                        20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
Io-language-devel.i386                  20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
Io-language-extras.i386                 20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
Io-language-graphics-and-sound.i386     20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
Io-language-mysql.i386                  20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
Io-language-postgresql.i386             20070710-2.fc8            fedora        
JSDoc.noarch                            1.10.2-4.fc8              fedora        
KoboDeluxe.i386                         0.4-0.4.pre10.fc8         fedora        
LabPlot.i386                            1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc.i386                        1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-br.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-de.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-fr.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-it.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-nl.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-pl.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LabPlot-doc-sv.i386                     1.6.0.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
LinLog.i386                             0.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
Macaulay2.i386                          1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
Maelstrom.i386                          3.0.6-14                  fedora        
MagicPoint.i386                         1.11b-4.fc8               fedora        
MegaMek.i386                            0.30.11-2.fc8             fedora        
Miro.i386                               1.2.7-3.fc8               updates-newkey
MochiKit.noarch                         1.3.1-1.fc6               fedora        
MyPasswordSafe.i386                     0.6.7-1.20061216.fc8      fedora        
MySQL-python.i386                       1.2.2-7.fc8               updates-newkey
NetworkManager-devel.i386               1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  updates-newkey
NetworkManager-glib-devel.i386          1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  updates-newkey
NetworkManager-gnome.i386               1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  updates-newkey
NetworkManager-openvpn.i386             1:0.7.0-16.svn4326.fc8    updates-newkey
NetworkManager-pptp.i386                1:0.7.0-0.12.svn4326.fc8  updates-newkey
NetworkManager-vpnc.i386                1:0.7.0-0.11.svn4326.fc8  updates-newkey
ORBit.i386                              1:0.5.17-22.fc8           fedora        
ORBit-devel.i386                        1:0.5.17-22.fc8           fedora        
ORBit2-devel.i386                       2.14.10-2.fc8             fedora        
OmegaT.noarch                           1.7.3_03-6.fc8            updates-newkey
OpenEXR.i386                            1.6.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR-devel.i386                      1.6.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR-libs.i386                       1.6.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR_CTL.i386                        1.0.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR_CTL-devel.i386                  1.0.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR_CTL-libs.i386                   1.0.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR_Viewers.i386                    1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenEXR_Viewers-docs.i386               1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
OpenIPMI.i386                           2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenIPMI-devel.i386                     2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenIPMI-libs.i386                      2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenIPMI-perl.i386                      2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenIPMI-python.i386                    2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenIPMI-tools.i386                     2.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
OpenSceneGraph.i386                     2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
OpenSceneGraph-devel.i386               2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
OpenSceneGraph-examples.i386            2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
OpenSceneGraph-libs.i386                2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
OpenThreads.i386                        2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
OpenThreads-devel.i386                  2.0-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
PerceptualDiff.i386                     1.0.1-6.fc8               fedora        
Perlbal.noarch                          1.70-1.fc8                updates-newkey
PersonalCopy-Lite-patches.noarch        4.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
PersonalCopy-Lite-soundfont.noarch      4.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
Pixie.i386                              2.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
Pixie-devel.i386                        2.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
Pixie-docs.i386                         2.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
PolicyKit-devel.i386                    0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
PolicyKit-docs.i386                     0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
PolicyKit-gnome.i386                    0.6-1.fc8                 fedora        
PolicyKit-gnome-demo.i386               0.6-1.fc8                 fedora        
Pound.i386                              2.4-0.1.d.fc8             fedora        
PyAmanith.i386                          0.3.35-2.fc8.1            updates-newkey
PyKDE.i386                              3.16.0-11.fc8             updates-newkey
PyKDE-devel.i386                        3.16.0-11.fc8             updates-newkey
PyOpenGL.noarch                         3.0.0-0.6.b4.fc8          updates-newkey
PyOpenGL-Tk.noarch                      3.0.0-0.6.b4.fc8          updates-newkey
PyOpenGL-doc.noarch                     3.0.0-0.6.b4.fc8          updates-newkey
PyQt.i386                               3.17.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
PyQt-devel.i386                         3.17.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
PyQt-examples.i386                      3.17.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
PyQt-qscintilla.i386                    3.17.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
PyQt-qscintilla-devel.i386              3.17.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
PyQt4.i386                              4.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
PyQt4-devel.i386                        4.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
PyRTF.noarch                            0.45-5.fc8                fedora        
PySolFC.noarch                          1.1-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
PyX.i386                                0.9-5.fc8                 fedora        
PyXML.i386                              0.8.4-8.fc8               updates-newkey
PyYAML.noarch                           3.06-1.fc8                updates-newkey
Pyrex.noarch                            0.9.6.4-1.fc8             updates-newkey
PythonCAD.noarch                        0.1.36-2.fc8              fedora        
QuantLib.i386                           0.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
QuantLib-devel.i386                     0.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
QuantLib-doc.i386                       0.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
QuantLib-test.i386                      0.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
R.i386                                  2.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
R-BSgenome.Celegans.UCSC.ce2.noarch     1.2.0-5                   updates-newkey
R-BSgenome.Dmelanogaster.FlyBase.r51.noarch
                                        1.3.1-3                   updates-newkey
R-Biobase.i386                          2.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
R-BufferedMatrix.i386                   1.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
R-BufferedMatrix-devel.i386             1.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
R-BufferedMatrixMethods.i386            1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
R-DBI.noarch                            0.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-DynDoc.noarch                         1.20.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
R-GeneR.i386                            2.11.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
R-RSQLite.i386                          0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-RScaLAPACK.i386                       0.5.1-10.fc8.1            fedora        
R-abind.noarch                          1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-acepack.i386                          1.3-2.fc8.1               updates-newkey
R-affyio.i386                           1.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
R-biglm.i386                            0.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-bigmemory.i386                        2.3-3.fc8.1               updates-newkey
R-car.noarch                            1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-core.i386                             2.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
R-devel.i386                            2.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
R-hdf5.i386                             1.6.6-2.fc8               fedora        
R-hgu95av2probe.noarch                  2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
R-lmtest.i386                           0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-mAr.i386                              1.1-11.fc8                fedora        
R-maanova.i386                          1.12.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
R-multcomp.noarch                       0.993-1.fc8               updates-newkey
R-multtest.i386                         1.22.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
R-mvtnorm.i386                          0.8-3.fc8                 fedora        
R-nws.noarch                            1.7.0.0-1.fc8             updates-newkey
R-pls.noarch                            2.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-qvalue.noarch                         1.16.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
R-rlecuyer.i386                         0.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-systemfit.noarch                      0.8-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
R-tkWidgets.noarch                      1.20.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
R-waveslim.i386                         1.6-4.fc8                 fedora        
R-wavethresh.i386                       2.2-7.fc8                 fedora        
R-widgetTools.noarch                    1.18.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
R-zoo.noarch                            1.5-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
R2spec.noarch                           2.5.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
Ri-li.i386                              2.0.0-2.fc8               fedora        
SAASound.i386                           3.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
SAASound-devel.i386                     3.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
SDL.i386                                1.2.13-2.fc8              updates-newkey
SDL-devel.i386                          1.2.13-2.fc8              updates-newkey
SDL-static.i386                         1.2.13-2.fc8              updates-newkey
SDL_Pango.i386                          0.1.2-7                   fedora        
SDL_Pango-devel.i386                    0.1.2-7                   fedora        
SDL_gfx.i386                            2.0.16-4.fc8              fedora        
SDL_gfx-devel.i386                      2.0.16-4.fc8              fedora        
SDL_image.i386                          1.2.6-5.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_image-devel.i386                    1.2.6-5.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_mixer.i386                          1.2.8-6.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_mixer-devel.i386                    1.2.8-6.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_net.i386                            1.2.7-3.fc8               fedora        
SDL_net-devel.i386                      1.2.7-3.fc8               fedora        
SDL_sound.i386                          1.0.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_sound-devel.i386                    1.0.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
SDL_ttf.i386                            2.0.9-3.fc8               fedora        
SDL_ttf-devel.i386                      2.0.9-3.fc8               fedora        
SDLmm.i386                              0.1.8-5.fc8               fedora        
SDLmm-devel.i386                        0.1.8-5.fc8               fedora        
SIBsim4.i386                            0.16-1.fc8                updates-newkey
SILLY.i386                              0.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
SILLY-devel.i386                        0.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
SIMVoleon.i386                          2.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
SIMVoleon-devel.i386                    2.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
SOAPpy.noarch                           0.11.6-7.fc8              updates-newkey
ScientificPython.i386                   2.6-10.fc8                fedora        
ScientificPython-devel.i386             2.6-10.fc8                fedora        
ScientificPython-doc.i386               2.6-10.fc8                fedora        
ScientificPython-qt.i386                2.6-10.fc8                fedora        
ScientificPython-tk.i386                2.6-10.fc8                fedora        
SimGear.i386                            0.3.11-0.3.pre1.fc8.2     fedora        
SimGear-devel.i386                      0.3.11-0.3.pre1.fc8.2     fedora        
SoQt.i386                               1.4.1-6.fc8               fedora        
SoQt-devel.i386                         1.4.1-6.fc8               fedora        
Sprog.noarch                            0.14-12.fc6               fedora        
SteGUI.i386                             0.0.1-12.fc8              fedora        
TeXmacs.i386                            1.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
TeXmacs-devel.i386                      1.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
Terminal.i386                           0.2.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
Thunar.i386                             0.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
Thunar-devel.i386                       0.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
TnL.i386                                070909-2.fc8              fedora        
TnL-data.noarch                         070909-1.fc8              fedora        
TurboGears.noarch                       1.0.4.4-3.fc8             updates-newkey
UnihanDb.noarch                         5.1.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
VLGothic-fonts.noarch                   20081029-1.fc8            updates-newkey
VLGothic-fonts-proportional.noarch      20081029-1.fc8            updates-newkey
WINGs-devel.i386                        0.92.0-16.fc8             updates-newkey
WINGs-libs.i386                         0.92.0-16.fc8             updates-newkey
WebKit-doc.i386                         1.0.0-0.10.svn34655.fc8   updates-newkey
WebKit-gtk.i386                         1.0.0-0.10.svn34655.fc8   updates-newkey
WebKit-gtk-devel.i386                   1.0.0-0.10.svn34655.fc8   updates-newkey
WebKit-qt.i386                          1.0.0-0.10.svn34655.fc8   updates-newkey
WebKit-qt-devel.i386                    1.0.0-0.10.svn34655.fc8   updates-newkey
WindowMaker.i386                        0.92.0-16.fc8             updates-newkey
WindowMaker-devel.i386                  0.92.0-16.fc8             updates-newkey
Xaw3d.i386                              1.5E-12.fc8               updates-newkey
Xaw3d-devel.i386                        1.5E-12.fc8               updates-newkey
Zim.noarch                              0.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
a2ps.i386                               4.13b-69.fc8              fedora        
aalib.i386                              1.4.0-0.13.rc5.fc8        fedora        
aalib-devel.i386                        1.4.0-0.13.rc5.fc8        fedora        
aasaver.i386                            0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
abcMIDI.i386                            20080924-1.fc8            updates-newkey
abcde.noarch                            2.3.99.6-6                updates-newkey
abcm2ps.i386                            5.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
abe.i386                                1.1-6.fc8                 fedora        
abgraph.noarch                          1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
abicheck.i386                           1.2-15.2                  updates-newkey
abiword.i386                            1:2.6.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
abook.i386                              0.6.0-0.2.pre2.fc8        fedora        
abuse.i386                              0.7.0-5.fc8               fedora        
abyssinica-fonts.noarch                 1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
ack.noarch                              1.86-1.fc8                updates-newkey
acpi.i386                               0.09-2.fc6                fedora        
acpitool.i386                           0.4.7-1.fc8               fedora        
adanaxisgpl.i386                        1.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
adaptx.i386                             0.9.13-4jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
adaptx-doc.i386                         0.9.13-4jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
adaptx-javadoc.i386                     0.9.13-4jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
adime.i386                              2.2.1-6.fc8               fedora        
adime-devel.i386                        2.2.1-6.fc8               fedora        
adjtimex.i386                           1.21-3.fc8                fedora        
adminutil.i386                          1.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
adminutil-devel.i386                    1.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
adns.i386                               1.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
adns-devel.i386                         1.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
adns-progs.i386                         1.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
adonthell.i386                          0.3.5-0.3.fc8             updates-newkey
adonthell-doc.i386                      0.3.5-0.3.fc8             updates-newkey
adplay.i386                             1.6-2.fc8                 fedora        
adplug.i386                             2.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
adplug-devel.i386                       2.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
advancecomp.i386                        1.15-9                    fedora        
afflib.i386                             3.1.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
afflib-devel.i386                       3.1.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
afftools.i386                           3.1.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
agave.i386                              0.4.2-5.fc8               fedora        
aget.i386                               0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
agg.i386                                2.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
agg-devel.i386                          2.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
agistudio.i386                          1.2.3-4.fc8               fedora        
agrep.i386                              0.7.5-2.fc8               fedora        
aiccu.i386                              2007.01.15-5.fc8          updates-newkey
aide.i386                               0.13.1-3                  fedora        
aiksaurus.i386                          1:1.2.1-15.fc6            fedora        
aiksaurus-devel.i386                    1:1.2.1-15.fc6            fedora        
aiksaurus-gtk.i386                      1:1.2.1-15.fc6            fedora        
aiksaurus-gtk-devel.i386                1:1.2.1-15.fc6            fedora        
aimage.i386                             3.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
aircrack-ng.i386                        0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
airsnort.i386                           0.2.7e-11.fc7             fedora        
akode.i386                              2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
akode-devel.i386                        2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
akode-jack.i386                         2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
akode-libsamplerate.i386                2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
akode-pulseaudio.i386                   2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
akonadi.i386                            1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
akonadi-devel.i386                      1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
alacarte.noarch                         0.11.3-4.fc8              fedora        
alchemist.i386                          1.0.37-2.fc8              fedora        
alchemist-devel.i386                    1.0.37-2.fc8              fedora        
aldo.i386                               0.7.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
aldrin.noarch                           0.11-6.fc8                fedora        
ale.i386                                0.9.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
alevt.i386                              1.6.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
alex.i386                               2.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
alex4.i386                              1.0-4.fc8                 fedora        
alexandria.noarch                       0.6.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
alfont.i386                             2.0.6-3.fc8               fedora        
alfont-devel.i386                       2.0.6-3.fc8               fedora        
alienarena.i386                         7.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
alienarena-data.noarch                  20081016-1.fc8            updates-newkey
alienarena-server.i386                  7.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
alienblaster.i386                       1.1.0-3.fc8               fedora        
alleggl.i386                            0.4.2-0.2.rc1.fc8         fedora        
alleggl-devel.i386                      0.4.2-0.2.rc1.fc8         fedora        
allegro.i386                            4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
allegro-arts-plugin.i386                4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
allegro-devel.i386                      4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
allegro-esound-plugin.i386              4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
allegro-jack-plugin.i386                4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
allegro-tools.i386                      4.2.2-10.fc8              updates-newkey
alleyoop.i386                           0.9.3-3.fc8               fedora        
alliance.i386                           5.0-21.20070718snap.fc8   updates-newkey
alliance-doc.i386                       5.0-21.20070718snap.fc8   updates-newkey
alliance-libs.i386                      5.0-21.20070718snap.fc8   updates-newkey
alltray.i386                            0.70-1.fc8                updates-newkey
alphabet-soup.i386                      1.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
alpine.i386                             2.00-1.fc8                updates-newkey
alsa-firmware.noarch                    1.0.16-1.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-lib-devel.i386                     1.0.16-3.fc8              updates-newkey
alsa-oss.i386                           1.0.14-3.fc8              fedora        
alsa-oss-devel.i386                     1.0.14-3.fc8              fedora        
alsa-oss-libs.i386                      1.0.14-3.fc8              fedora        
alsa-plugins-jack.i386                  1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-plugins-oss.i386                   1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i386            1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-plugins-samplerate.i386            1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-plugins-upmix.i386                 1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.i386              1.0.15-3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
alsa-tools.i386                         1.0.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
alsa-tools-firmware.i386                1.0.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
alsa-utils.i386                         1.0.16-3.fc8              updates-newkey
alsamixergui.i386                       0.9.0-0.3.rc1.fc8.2       fedora        
alt-ergo.i386                           0.8-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
altermime.i386                          0.3.8-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
am-utils.i386                           5:6.1.5-6.fc7             fedora        
amanda.i386                             2.5.2p1-8.fc8             fedora        
amanda-client.i386                      2.5.2p1-8.fc8             fedora        
amanda-devel.i386                       2.5.2p1-8.fc8             fedora        
amanda-server.i386                      2.5.2p1-8.fc8             fedora        
amanith.i386                            0.3-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
amanith-devel.i386                      0.3-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
amarok.i386                             1.4.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
amarok-konqueror.i386                   1.4.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
amarok-visualisation.i386               1.4.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
amarokFS.i386                           0.5-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
amavisd-new.noarch                      2.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
amoebax.i386                            0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
amora.i386                              1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
amqp.noarch                             1.0.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
amsn.i386                               0.97.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
amsn-plugins.i386                       0.97.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
amtterm.i386                            1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
amtu.i386                               1.0.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
anaconda.i386                           11.3.0.50-2               fedora        
anaconda-runtime.i386                   11.3.0.50-2               fedora        
anaconda-yum-plugins.noarch             1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
and.i386                                1.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
angrydd.noarch                          1.0.1-3.fc8               fedora        
animorph.i386                           0.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
animorph-devel.i386                     0.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
anjuta.i386                             1:2.2.3-7.fc8             updates-newkey
anjuta-devel.i386                       1:2.2.3-7.fc8             updates-newkey
anjuta-doc.i386                         1:2.2.3-7.fc8             updates-newkey
anjuta-docs.i386                        1:2.2.0-3.fc8             fedora        
anjuta-gdl.i386                         0.7.3-1.fc7               fedora        
anjuta-gdl-devel.i386                   0.7.3-1.fc7               fedora        
ant.i386                                1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-antlr.i386                          1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-bcel.i386                    1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-bsf.i386                     1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-log4j.i386                   1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-oro.i386                     1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-regexp.i386                  1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-apache-resolver.i386                1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-commons-logging.i386                1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-commons-net.i386                    1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-contrib.i386                        1.0-0.4.b2.fc6            fedora        
ant-contrib-javadoc.i386                1.0-0.4.b2.fc6            fedora        
ant-javadoc.i386                        1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-javamail.i386                       1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-jdepend.i386                        1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-jmf.i386                            1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-jsch.i386                           1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-junit.i386                          1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-manual.i386                         1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-nodeps.i386                         1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-scripts.i386                        1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-swing.i386                          1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
ant-trax.i386                           1.7.0-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
anthy.i386                              9100e-3.fc8               updates-newkey
anthy-devel.i386                        9100e-3.fc8               updates-newkey
anthy-el.i386                           9100e-3.fc8               updates-newkey
anthy-el-xemacs.i386                    9100e-3.fc8               updates-newkey
antiword.i386                           0.37-4                    fedora        
antlr.i386                              2.7.7-1jpp.6.fc8          fedora        
antlr-javadoc.i386                      2.7.7-1jpp.6.fc8          fedora        
antlr-manual.i386                       2.7.7-1jpp.6.fc8          fedora        
ants.i386                               1.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
ants-level-editor.i386                  1.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
anyremote.i386                          4.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
anyremote-data.i386                     4.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
anyremote-doc.i386                      4.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
anyremote2html.noarch                   0.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
aoetools.i386                           18-1.fc8                  fedora        
apachetop.i386                          0.12.6-3.fc8              fedora        
apcupsd.i386                            3.14.2-2.fc8              updates-newkey
apcupsd-cgi.i386                        3.14.2-2.fc8              updates-newkey
apcupsd-gui.i386                        3.14.2-2.fc8              updates-newkey
apel.noarch                             10.7-1.fc8                fedora        
apg.i386                                2.3.0b-5.fc8              fedora        
aplus-fsf.i386                          4.22.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
aplus-fsf-devel.i386                    4.22.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
apmd.i386                               1:3.2.2-5                 fedora        
apollon.i386                            1.0.1-12.fc8              fedora        
apollon-libs.i386                       1.0.1-12.fc8              fedora        
apr-api-docs.noarch                     1.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
apr-devel.i386                          1.2.11-2                  fedora        
apr-util-devel.i386                     1.2.10-2.fc8              fedora        
apr-util-mysql.i386                     1.2.10-2.fc8              fedora        
apr-util-pgsql.i386                     1.2.10-2.fc8              fedora        
apr-util-sqlite.i386                    1.2.10-2.fc8              fedora        
aprsd.i386                              2.2.5-15.4.fc8            updates-newkey
apt.i386                                0.5.15lorg3.93-4.fc8      updates-newkey
apt-devel.i386                          0.5.15lorg3.93-4.fc8      updates-newkey
apt-python.i386                         0.5.15lorg3.93-4.fc8      updates-newkey
aqbanking.i386                          2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
aqbanking-devel.i386                    2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
aqsis.i386                              1.2.0-6.fc8               fedora        
aqsis-data.i386                         1.2.0-6.fc8               fedora        
aqsis-devel.i386                        1.2.0-6.fc8               fedora        
arc.i386                                5.21o-4.fc8               fedora        
archimedes.i386                         0.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
archivemail.noarch                      0.7.0-6.fc8               fedora        
archmage.noarch                         0.1.9-1.fc8               fedora        
ardour.i386                             2.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
argus.i386                              2.0.6.fixes.1-14.fc8      fedora        
argus-clients.i386                      2.0.6.fixes.1-14.fc8      fedora        
aria2.i386                              0.12.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
arj.i386                                3.10.22-6.fc8             updates-newkey
arm-gp2x-linux-SDL.noarch               1.2.9-4.fc8               fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-binutils.i386            2.16.1-4.fc8              fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-gcc.i386                 4.1.2-7.fc8               fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-gcc-c++.i386             4.1.2-7.fc8               fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-glibc.noarch             2.3.6-4.fc8               fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-kernel-headers.noarch    2.6.12.0-2.fc8            fedora        
arm-gp2x-linux-zlib.noarch              1.2.3-6.fc8               fedora        
armacycles-ad.i386                      0.2.8.2.1-5.fc8           fedora        
armacycles-ad-dedicated.i386            0.2.8.2.1-5.fc8           fedora        
arora.i386                              0.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
arp-scan.i386                           1.6-1.fc8                 fedora        
arpack.i386                             2.1-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
arpack-devel.i386                       2.1-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
arpack-static.i386                      2.1-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
arptables_jf.i386                       0.0.8-9                   fedora        
arpwatch.i386                           14:2.1a15-7.fc8           fedora        
arrows.i386                             0.6-5.fc8                 fedora        
arts.i386                               8:1.5.10-1.fc8.1          updates-newkey
arts-devel.i386                         8:1.5.10-1.fc8.1          updates-newkey
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts.noarch           1.3-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
asa.i386                                1.2-3.fc6                 fedora        
asc.i386                                1.16.4.0-3.fc8            fedora        
asc-music.noarch                        1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
asciidoc.noarch                         8.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
asm2.noarch                             2.1-2jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
asm2-javadoc.noarch                     2.1-2jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
aspell-af.i386                          50:0.50-7.fc7             fedora        
aspell-ar.i386                          1.2-2.fc7                 fedora        
aspell-bg.i386                          50:0.50-16.fc8            fedora        
aspell-bn.i386                          0.01.1-2.fc8              fedora        
aspell-br.i386                          50:0.50-8.fc7             fedora        
aspell-ca.i386                          50:0.50-6.fc7             fedora        
aspell-cs.i386                          50:20040614-1.fc7         fedora        
aspell-cy.i386                          50:0.50-6.fc7             fedora        
aspell-da.i386                          50:1.4.42-1.fc7           fedora        
aspell-de.i386                          50:20030222-3.fc7         fedora        
aspell-devel.i386                       12:0.60.5-4.fc8           updates-newkey
aspell-el.i386                          50:0.50-6.fc7             fedora        
aspell-es.i386                          50:0.50-16.fc7            fedora        
aspell-fo.i386                          51:0.2.16-7.fc8           fedora        
aspell-fr.i386                          50:0.50-11.fc7            fedora        
aspell-ga.i386                          50:4.1-1.fc8              fedora        
aspell-gd.i386                          51:0.1.1-2.fc7            fedora        
aspell-gl.i386                          50:0.50-5.fc7             fedora        
aspell-gu.i386                          0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
aspell-he.i386                          1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
aspell-hi.i386                          0.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
aspell-hr.i386                          50:0.51-5.fc7             fedora        
aspell-id.i386                          50:1.2-1.fc7              fedora        
aspell-is.i386                          50:0.51.1-3.fc7           fedora        
aspell-it.i386                          50:2.2_20050523-1.fc7     fedora        
aspell-mr.i386                          0.10-3.fc8                updates-newkey
aspell-nl.i386                          51:0.1e-5.fc8             fedora        
aspell-no.i386                          50:0.50.1-12.fc8          fedora        
aspell-or.i386                          0.03-2.fc8                fedora        
aspell-pa.i386                          0.01-2.fc8                fedora        
aspell-pl.i386                          50:6.0_20061121-1.fc7     fedora        
aspell-pt.i386                          50:0.50-12.fc7            fedora        
aspell-ru.i386                          50:0.99f7-3.fc7           fedora        
aspell-sk.i386                          2.00-3.fc8                updates-newkey
aspell-sl.i386                          50:0.50-2.fc7             fedora        
aspell-sr.i386                          50:0.02-3.fc7             fedora        
aspell-sv.i386                          50:0.51-2.fc7             fedora        
aspell-ta.i386                          20040424-2.fc8            fedora        
aspell-te.i386                          0.01-2.fc8                fedora        
asterisk.i386                           1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-alsa.i386                      1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-conference.i386                1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-curl.i386                      1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-dahdi.i386                     1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-devel.i386                     1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-fax.i386                       1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-festival.i386                  1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-firmware.i386                  1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-ices.i386                      1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-jabber.i386                    1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-misdn.i386                     1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-mobile.i386                    1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-odbc.i386                      1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-oss.i386                       1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-postgresql.i386                1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-radius.i386                    1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-skinny.i386                    1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-snmp.i386                      1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-tds.i386                       1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-voicemail.i386                 1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-voicemail-imap.i386            1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-voicemail-odbc.i386            1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
asterisk-voicemail-plain.i386           1.4.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
astromenace.i386                        1.2-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
astromenace-data.noarch                 1.2-1.fc8                 fedora        
astyle.i386                             1.21-6.fc8                fedora        
asunder.i386                            1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
asylum.i386                             0.2.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
asymptote.i386                          1.33-2.fc8                fedora        
at-spi.i386                             1.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
at-spi-devel.i386                       1.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
at-spi-python.i386                      1.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
atanks.i386                             2.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
aterm.i386                              1.0.1-1.fc8               fedora        
athcool.i386                            0.3.12-1.fc8              updates-newkey
atitvout.i386                           0.4-7                     fedora        
atk-devel.i386                          1.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
atlas.i386                              3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-3dnow.i386                        3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-3dnow-devel.i386                  3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-devel.i386                        3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-sse.i386                          3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-sse-devel.i386                    3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-sse2.i386                         3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlas-sse2-devel.i386                   3.6.0-12.fc8              fedora        
atlascpp.i386                           0.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
atlascpp-devel.i386                     0.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
atmel-firmware.noarch                   1.3-2                     fedora        
atomix.i386                             2.14.0-3.1                fedora        
atomorun.i386                           1.1-0.5.pre2.fc8          fedora        
atop.i386                               1.23-8.fc8                updates-newkey
audacious.i386                          1.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-devel.i386                    1.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-docklet.i386                  0.1.1-2.fc7               fedora        
audacious-libs.i386                     1.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugin-fc.i386                0.2-3.1                   updates-newkey
audacious-plugin-xmp.i386               2.5.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins.i386                  1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-amidi.i386            1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-arts.i386             1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-esd.i386              1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-jack.i386             1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-metronome.i386        1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-pulseaudio.i386       1.3.5-3.fc8               fedora        
audacious-plugins-vortex.i386           1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacious-plugins-wavpack.i386          1.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audacity.i386                           1.3.5-0.7.beta.fc8        updates-newkey
audio-convert-mod.noarch                3.45.4-2.fc8              updates-newkey
audio-entropyd.i386                     1.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audiofile-devel.i386                    1:0.2.6-7.fc8             fedora        
audispd-plugins.i386                    1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audit.i386                              1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audit-libs-devel.i386                   1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audit-libs-python.i386                  1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
audit-viewer.i386                       0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
augeas.i386                             0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
augeas-devel.i386                       0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
augeas-libs.i386                        0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
aumix.i386                              2.8-16.fc8                fedora        
auriferous.i386                         1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
authconfig.i386                         5.3.18-1.fc8              fedora        
authconfig-gtk.i386                     5.3.18-1.fc8              fedora        
authd.i386                              1.4.3-11.fc8              updates-newkey
autobuild-applet.i386                   1.0.3-4.fc8               fedora        
autoconf.noarch                         2.61-9.fc8                fedora        
autoconf213.noarch                      2.13-18.fc8               fedora        
autodir.i386                            0.99.9-4.fc8              fedora        
autodownloader.noarch                   0.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
autogen.i386                            5.9.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
autogen-devel.i386                      5.8.9-1.fc7               fedora        
autogen-libopts.i386                    5.9.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
autogen-libopts-devel.i386              5.9.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
autogen-manuals.i386                    5.8.9-1.fc7               fedora        
automake.noarch                         1.10-6                    fedora        
automake14.noarch                       1.4p6-15.fc7              fedora        
automake15.noarch                       1.5-22                    fedora        
automake16.noarch                       1.6.3-14                  fedora        
automake17.noarch                       1.7.9-11                  fedora        
automoc.i386                            1.0-0.8.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
autossh.i386                            1.3-4.fc6                 fedora        
autotrace.i386                          0.31.1-15.fc8             fedora        
autotrace-devel.i386                    0.31.1-15.fc8             fedora        
avahi-compat-howl.i386                  0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-compat-howl-devel.i386            0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel.i386       0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-devel.i386                        0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-dnsconfd.i386                     0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-glib-devel.i386                   0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-qt3.i386                          0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-qt3-devel.i386                    0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-sharp.i386                        0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-tools.i386                        0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-ui.i386                           0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-ui-devel.i386                     0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-ui-sharp.i386                     0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avahi-ui-tools.i386                     0.6.21-8.fc8              updates-newkey
avalon-framework.i386                   4.1.4-2jpp.14.fc7         fedora        
avalon-framework-javadoc.i386           4.1.4-2jpp.14.fc7         fedora        
avalon-framework-manual.i386            4.1.4-2jpp.14.fc7         fedora        
avalon-logkit.i386                      1.2-4jpp.5.fc7            fedora        
avalon-logkit-javadoc.i386              1.2-4jpp.5.fc7            fedora        
avant-window-navigator.i386             0.2.6-9.fc8               updates-newkey
avant-window-navigator-devel.i386       0.2.6-9.fc8               updates-newkey
avarice.i386                            2.6-1.fc8                 fedora        
avr-binutils.i386                       2.17-4.fc8                fedora        
avr-gcc.i386                            4.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
avr-gcc-c++.i386                        4.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
avr-gdb.i386                            6.6-5.fc8                 fedora        
avr-libc.noarch                         1.4.6-4.fc8               fedora        
avr-libc-docs.noarch                    1.4.6-4.fc8               fedora        
avrdude.i386                            5.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
awesfx.i386                             0.5.0d-4.fc7              fedora        
awn-extras-applets.i386                 0.2.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
awstats.noarch                          6.8-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
awstats-selinux.noarch                  6.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
ax25-apps.i386                          0.0.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ax25-tools.i386                         0.0.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
axis.i386                               1.2.1-2jpp.7.fc7          fedora        
axis-javadoc.i386                       1.2.1-2jpp.7.fc7          fedora        
axis-manual.i386                        1.2.1-2jpp.7.fc7          fedora        
azureus.i386                            3.0.3.4-7.fc8             updates-newkey
b43-fwcutter.i386                       011-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
babel.noarch                            0.9.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
babl.i386                               0.0.20-1.fc8              updates-newkey
babl-devel.i386                         0.0.20-1.fc8              updates-newkey
bacula-client.i386                      2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-common.i386                      2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-console.i386                     2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-console-gnome.i386               2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-console-wxwidgets.i386           2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-director-common.i386             2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-director-mysql.i386              2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-director-postgresql.i386         2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-director-sqlite.i386             2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-docs.i386                        2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-storage-common.i386              2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-storage-mysql.i386               2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-storage-postgresql.i386          2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-storage-sqlite.i386              2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
bacula-traymonitor.i386                 2.0.3-11.fc8.3            updates-newkey
baekmuk-bdf-fonts.noarch                2.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-batang.noarch         2.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-common.noarch         2.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-dotum.noarch          2.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-gulim.noarch          2.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-hline.noarch          2.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
bakery.i386                             2.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bakery-devel.i386                       2.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ballbuster.i386                         1.0-3.fc8                 fedora        
ballz.i386                              1.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
balsa.i386                              2.3.25-1.fc8              updates-newkey
banner.i386                             1.3.1-5.fc8               fedora        
banshee.i386                            0.13.1-1.fc8              fedora        
barcode.i386                            0.98-10.fc6               fedora        
barcode-devel.i386                      0.98-10.fc6               fedora        
barrage.i386                            1.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
barry.i386                              0.14-4.fc8                updates-newkey
barry-devel.i386                        0.14-4.fc8                updates-newkey
barry-libs.i386                         0.14-4.fc8                updates-newkey
barry-opensync.i386                     0.14-4.fc8                updates-newkey
bash-completion.noarch                  20060301-9                updates-newkey
basket.i386                             1.0.3.1-4.fc8             updates-newkey
basket-kontact.i386                     1.0.3.1-4.fc8             updates-newkey
bazaar.i386                             1.4.2-9.fc8               fedora        
bbkeys.i386                             0.9.0-9                   fedora        
bcel.i386                               5.2-2jpp.2.fc8            updates-newkey
bcel-javadoc.i386                       5.2-2jpp.2.fc8            updates-newkey
bcel-manual.i386                        5.2-2jpp.2.fc8            updates-newkey
bcfg2.noarch                            0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bcfg2-server.noarch                     0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bchunk.i386                             1.2.0-6                   fedora        
bcm43xx-fwcutter.i386                   006-3.fc8                 fedora        
bcrypt.i386                             1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
bea-stax.i386                           1.2.0-0.1.rc1.2jpp.1.fc7  fedora        
bea-stax-api.i386                       1.2.0-0.1.rc1.2jpp.1.fc7  fedora        
bea-stax-javadoc.i386                   1.2.0-0.1.rc1.2jpp.1.fc7  fedora        
beagle.i386                             0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
beagle-evolution.i386                   0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
beagle-gui.i386                         0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
beecrypt-apidocs.i386                   4.1.2-17.fc8              updates-newkey
beecrypt-devel.i386                     4.1.2-17.fc8              updates-newkey
beecrypt-python.i386                    4.1.2-17.fc8              updates-newkey
beep.i386                               1.2.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
beldi.i386                              0.9.23-1.fc8              updates-newkey
beneath-a-steel-sky.noarch              0.0348-4.fc8              fedora        
beneath-a-steel-sky-cd.noarch           0.0372-2.fc8              fedora        
berusky.i386                            1.1-6.fc8                 fedora        
berusky-data.noarch                     1.0-3.fc8                 fedora        
bes.i386                                3.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
bes-devel.i386                          3.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
bes-doc.i386                            3.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
bib2html.i386                           1.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
bibletime.i386                          1.6.5.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
bibus.i386                              1.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bidiv.i386                              1.5-4.fc6                 fedora        
bigboard.i386                           0.5.26-1.fc8              fedora        
bigloo.i386                             3.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
bigloo-doc.i386                         3.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
bigloo-emacs.i386                       3.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
bigloo-libs.i386                        3.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
bigloo-xemacs.i386                      3.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
biloba.i386                             0.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
bind.i386                               32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        updates-newkey
bind-chroot.i386                        32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        updates-newkey
bind-devel.i386                         32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        updates-newkey
bind-sdb.i386                           32:9.5.0-29.P2.fc8        updates-newkey
biniax.i386                             1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
binutils-devel.i386                     2.17.50.0.18-1            fedora        
biosdevname.i386                        0.2.4-3.fc8               fedora        
bison.i386                              2.3-4.fc8                 fedora        
bison-devel.i386                        2.3-4.fc8                 fedora        
bison-runtime.i386                      2.3-4.fc8                 fedora        
bit.i386                                0.4.1-1.fc7               fedora        
bit-devel.i386                          0.4.1-1.fc7               fedora        
bitbake.noarch                          1.8.8-1.fc8               fedora        
bitgtkmm.i386                           0.4.0-2.fc7               fedora        
bitgtkmm-devel.i386                     0.4.0-2.fc7               fedora        
bitlbee.i386                            1.2.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bitmap.i386                             1.0.3-2.fc7               fedora        
bitmap-fonts.noarch                     0.3-5.1.2.fc7             fedora        
bitmap-fonts-cjk.noarch                 0.3-5.1.2.fc7             fedora        
bitstream-vera-fonts.noarch             1.10-8                    fedora        
bittorrent.noarch                       4.4.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
bittorrent-gui.noarch                   4.4.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
blackbox.i386                           0.70.1-9                  fedora        
blackbox-devel.i386                     0.70.1-9                  fedora        
blacs.i386                              1.1-25.fc8.1              fedora        
blacs-devel.i386                        1.1-25.fc8.1              fedora        
blam.i386                               1.8.3-20.fc8              updates-newkey
blas.i386                               3.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
blas-devel.i386                         3.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
blender.i386                            2.48a-4.fc8               updates-newkey
bless.i386                              0.5.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
bless-doc.i386                          0.5.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
blitz.i386                              0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
blitz-devel.i386                        0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
blitz-doc.i386                          0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
blktool.i386                            4-6.fc6                   fedora        
blktrace.i386                           0.0-0.4.20070730162628git.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
blobAndConquer.i386                     0.98-1.fc8                updates-newkey
blobby.i386                             0.6-0.7.a.fc8             fedora        
blobwars.i386                           1.09b2-2.fc8              updates-newkey
blogtk.noarch                           1.1-8.fc7                 fedora        
blt.i386                                2.4-19.fc8                updates-newkey
blt-devel.i386                          2.4-19.fc8                updates-newkey
bluecurve-classic-metacity-theme.noarch 1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-gdm-theme.noarch              1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-gnome-theme.noarch            1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-gtk-themes.i386               1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-kde-theme.i386                1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-kdm-theme.noarch              1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-kwin-theme.i386               1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-metacity-theme.noarch         1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluecurve-xmms-skin.noarch              1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
bluefish.i386                           1.0.7-3.fc8               updates-newkey
bluez-gnome.i386                        0.14-8.fc8                fedora        
bluez-gnome-analyzer.i386               0.14-8.fc8                fedora        
bluez-hcidump.i386                      1.40-1.fc8                fedora        
bluez-libs-devel.i386                   3.35-1.fc8                updates-newkey
bluez-utils.i386                        3.35-5.fc8                updates-newkey
bluez-utils-alsa.i386                   3.35-5.fc8                updates-newkey
bluez-utils-cups.i386                   3.35-5.fc8                updates-newkey
bluez-utils-gstreamer.i386              3.35-5.fc8                updates-newkey
bmpx.i386                               0.40.14-1.fc8             updates-newkey
bmpx-devel.i386                         0.40.14-1.fc8             updates-newkey
boa.i386                                0.94.14-0.8.rc21.fc8      fedora        
bochs.i386                              2.3.5-1.fc8               fedora        
bochs-debugger.i386                     2.3.5-1.fc8               fedora        
bochs-dlxlinux.i386                     2.3.5-1.fc8               fedora        
bochs-gdb.i386                          2.3.5-1.fc8               fedora        
bodhi-client.noarch                     0.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bodhi-server.noarch                     0.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bodr.noarch                             6-2.fc8                   fedora        
bogl.i386                               0.1.18-13                 fedora        
bogl-bterm.i386                         0.1.18-13                 fedora        
bogl-devel.i386                         0.1.18-13                 fedora        
bogofilter.i386                         1.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bogofilter-bogoupgrade.i386             1.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
boinc-client.i386                       6.2.15-2.20080818svn.fc8  updates-newkey
boinc-client-devel.i386                 6.2.15-2.20080818svn.fc8  updates-newkey
boinc-manager.i386                      6.2.15-2.20080818svn.fc8  updates-newkey
bolzplatz2006.i386                      1.0.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
bombardier.i386                         0.8.2.2-7.fc8             fedora        
bonnie++.i386                           1.03a-7.fc8               fedora        
bontmia.noarch                          0.14-2.fc8                fedora        
boo.i386                                0.8.0.2730-9.fc8          updates-newkey
boo-devel.i386                          0.8.0.2730-9.fc8          updates-newkey
booldnf.i386                            0.1.11-1.fc7              fedora        
boolstuff.i386                          0.1.11-1.fc7              fedora        
boolstuff-devel.i386                    0.1.11-1.fc7              fedora        
boost-devel.i386                        1.34.1-7.fc8              updates-newkey
boost-devel-static.i386                 1.34.1-7.fc8              updates-newkey
boost-doc.i386                          1.34.1-7.fc8              updates-newkey
bootchart.i386                          0.9-5.fc8                 fedora        
bootparamd.i386                         0.17-26.fc8               fedora        
booty.noarch                            0.91-1.fc8                fedora        
boswars.i386                            2.4.1-3.fc8               fedora        
bottlerocket.i386                       0.04c-1.fc8               fedora        
bouml.i386                              4.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
bouml-doc.noarch                        4.3.2-1                   updates-newkey
bouncycastle.i386                       1.34-3.fc7                fedora        
bpython.noarch                          0.7.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
brandy.i386                             1.0.19-4.fc6              fedora        
brasero.i386                            0.7.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
brazil.i386                             2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
brazil-demo.i386                        2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
brazil-javadoc.i386                     2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
brettfont-fonts.noarch                  20080506-3.fc8            updates-newkey
bridge-utils.i386                       1.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
brlapi.i386                             0.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
brlapi-devel.i386                       0.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
brltty.i386                             3.8-1.fc8                 fedora        
brltty-at-spi.i386                      3.8-1.fc8                 fedora        
brltty-xw.i386                          3.8-1.fc8                 fedora        
brutus-keyring.i386                     0.9.0-6.fc8               fedora        
brutus-keyring-devel.i386               0.9.0-6.fc8               fedora        
bsd-games.i386                          2.17-22.fc8               updates-newkey
bsdiff.i386                             4.3-3.fc8                 fedora        
bsf.i386                                2.3.0-11jpp.1             fedora        
bsf-javadoc.i386                        2.3.0-11jpp.1             fedora        
bsh.i386                                1.3.0-9jpp.2              fedora        
bsh-demo.i386                           1.3.0-9jpp.2              fedora        
bsh-javadoc.i386                        1.3.0-9jpp.2              fedora        
bsh-manual.i386                         1.3.0-9jpp.2              fedora        
bti.i386                                005-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
bubblemon.i386                          1.46-7.fc8                fedora        
bug-buddy.i386                          1:2.20.1-1.fc8            fedora        
bugzilla.noarch                         3.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bugzilla-contrib.noarch                 3.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bugzilla-doc.noarch                     3.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
buildbot.noarch                         0.7.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
bunny.i386                              0.93-5.fc8                updates-newkey
buoh.i386                               0.8.2-2.fc7               fedora        
busybox.i386                            1:1.6.1-4.fc8             updates-newkey
busybox-anaconda.i386                   1:1.6.1-4.fc8             updates-newkey
busybox-petitboot.i386                  1:1.6.1-4.fc8             updates-newkey
bwbar.i386                              1.2.3-1                   fedora        
bwidget.noarch                          1.8.0-2.fc8               fedora        
bwm-ng.i386                             0.6-2.fc8                 fedora        
byacc.i386                              1.9.20050813-2.fc8        fedora        
byaccj.i386                             1.11-2jpp.2.fc7           fedora        
bygfoot.i386                            2.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
bytefx-data-mysql.i386                  1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
bytelist.noarch                         0.1-0.2.svn6558.fc8       updates-newkey
byzanz.i386                             0.1.1-5.fc8               fedora        
bzflag.i386                             2.0.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
bzip2-devel.i386                        1.0.4-13.fc8              updates-newkey
bzr.i386                                1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
bzr-gtk.i386                            0.94.0-5.fc8              updates-newkey
bzrtools.i386                           1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
c-ares.i386                             1.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
c-ares-devel.i386                       1.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
c2050.i386                              0.3a-3.fc8                fedora        
c2070.i386                              0.99-3.fc8                fedora        
cabextract.i386                         1.1-7.fc8                 fedora        
caca-utils.i386                         0.99-0.3.beta11.fc8       fedora        
cachefilesd.i386                        0.7-3.fc7                 fedora        
cacti.noarch                            0.8.7b-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cadaver.i386                            0.23.0-2                  fedora        
cairo.i386                              1.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cairo-clock.i386                        0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cairo-devel.i386                        1.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cairo-dock.i386                         1.6.3.1-1.fc8.2           updates-newkey
cairo-dock-devel.i386                   1.6.3.1-1.fc8.2           updates-newkey
cairo-dock-plug-ins.i386                1.6.3.1-1.fc8.2           updates-newkey
cairo-dock-plug-ins-xfce.i386           1.6.3.1-1.fc8.2           updates-newkey
cairo-dock-themes.i386                  1.6.3.1-1.fc8.2           updates-newkey
cairo-java.i386                         1.0.5-8.fc8               updates-newkey
cairo-java-devel.i386                   1.0.5-8.fc8               updates-newkey
cairomm.i386                            1.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
cairomm-devel.i386                      1.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
cal3d.i386                              0.11.0-4.fc7              fedora        
cal3d-devel.i386                        0.11.0-4.fc7              fedora        
cal3d-doc.i386                          0.11.0-4.fc7              fedora        
calamaris.noarch                        2.59-1.fc8                updates-newkey
calc.i386                               2.12.2.1-10.fc8           fedora        
calc-devel.i386                         2.12.2.1-10.fc8           fedora        
calc-libs.i386                          2.12.2.1-10.fc8           fedora        
calc-stdrc.i386                         2.12.2.1-10.fc8           fedora        
calcurse.i386                           2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
callweaver.i386                         1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-alsa.i386                    1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-bluetooth.i386               1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-capi.i386                    1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-devel.i386                   1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-jabber.i386                  1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-javascript.i386              1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-ldap.i386                    1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-misdn.i386                   1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-mysql.i386                   1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-odbc.i386                    1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-ogi.i386                     1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-postgresql.i386              1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
callweaver-zaptel.i386                  1.2-0.3.rc4.20070822      fedora        
camE.i386                               1.9-11                    fedora        
camstream.i386                          0.26.3-12.fc8             fedora        
castor.i386                             0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
castor-demo.i386                        0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
castor-doc.i386                         0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
castor-javadoc.i386                     0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
castor-test.i386                        0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
castor-xml.i386                         0.9.5-1jpp.7              fedora        
catdoc.i386                             0.94.2-3.fc8              updates-newkey
catfish.noarch                          0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
catfish-engines.noarch                  0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cbios.noarch                            0.21-3.fc8                fedora        
cbios-openmsx.noarch                    0.21-3.fc8                fedora        
cbrpager.i386                           0.9.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ccache.i386                             2.4-11.fc8                fedora        
ccid.i386                               1.2.1-3.fc8               fedora        
ccrtp.i386                              1.5.1-1.fc7               fedora        
ccrtp-devel.i386                        1.5.1-1.fc7               fedora        
ccsm.noarch                             0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
cd-discid.i386                          0.9-7.fc8                 fedora        
cdargs.i386                             1.35-2.fc8                updates-newkey
cdargs-devel.i386                       1.35-2.fc8                updates-newkey
cdcollect.i386                          0.6.0-4.fc8               fedora        
cdlabelgen.noarch                       4.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
cdo.i386                                1.0.8-1.fc8               fedora        
cdogs-data.noarch                       0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
cdogs-sdl.i386                          0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
cdparanoia.i386                         alpha9.8-27.2             fedora        
cdparanoia-devel.i386                   alpha9.8-27.2             fedora        
cdparanoia-libs.i386                    alpha9.8-27.2             fedora        
cdpr.i386                               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
cdrdao.i386                             1.2.2-3                   fedora        
cdrskin.i386                            0.3.8-2.fc8               fedora        
cduce.i386                              0.5.2.1-5.fc8             updates-newkey
cduce-devel.i386                        0.5.2.1-5.fc8             updates-newkey
cegui.i386                              0.5.0b-6.fc8              fedora        
cegui-devel.i386                        0.5.0b-6.fc8              fedora        
cegui-devel-doc.i386                    0.5.0b-6.fc8              fedora        
cel.i386                                1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
cel-demos.i386                          1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
cel-devel.i386                          1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
cel-doc.i386                            1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
celestia.i386                           1.4.1-7.fc7               fedora        
cellwriter.i386                         1.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
centerim.i386                           1:4.22.6-0.1.20080705git.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
cernlib.i386                            2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-devel.i386                      2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-g77.i386                        2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-g77-devel.i386                  2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-g77-static.i386                 2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-g77-utils.i386                  2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-packlib.i386                    2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-packlib-g77.i386                2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-packlib-gfortran.i386           2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-static.i386                     2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
cernlib-utils.i386                      2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
certmaster.noarch                       0.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
cfengine.i386                           2.2.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cfitsio.i386                            3.060-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cfitsio-devel.i386                      3.060-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cfitsio-static.i386                     3.060-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cflow.i386                              1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
cfv.noarch                              1.18.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cgdb.i386                               0.6.4-2.fc8               fedora        
cgi-util.i386                           2.2.1-15.fc8              fedora        
cgi-util-devel.i386                     2.2.1-15.fc8              fedora        
cgoban.i386                             1.9.14-8.fc6              fedora        
charis-fonts.noarch                     4.100-3.fc8               fedora        
check.i386                              0.9.5-1.fc8.1             fedora        
check-devel.i386                        0.9.5-1.fc8.1             fedora        
check-static.i386                       0.9.5-1.fc8.1             fedora        
checkgmail.noarch                       1.13-3.svn20080730.fc8    updates-newkey
checkpolicy.i386                        2.0.4-1.fc8               fedora        
checkstyle.noarch                       4.1-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
checkstyle-demo.noarch                  4.1-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
checkstyle-javadoc.noarch               4.1-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
checkstyle-manual.noarch                4.1-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
checkstyle-optional.noarch              4.1-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
cheese.i386                             0.2.4-2.fc8               fedora        
chemical-mime-data.noarch               0.1.94-3.fc8              fedora        
chemtool.i386                           1.6.11-2.fc8              fedora        
chess.i386                              1.0-11.fc8                updates-newkey
childsplay.noarch                       0.90.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
childsplay_plugins.noarch               0.90-3.fc8                updates-newkey
chkfontpath.i386                        1.10.1-2.fc8              fedora        
chkrootkit.i386                         0.48-7.fc8                updates-newkey
chktex.i386                             1.6.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
chmlib.i386                             0.39-7.fc8                updates-newkey
chmlib-devel.i386                       0.39-7.fc8                updates-newkey
chmsee.i386                             1.0.0-6.31.fc8            updates-newkey
chrpath.i386                            0.13-1.1.fc6              fedora        
cinepaint.i386                          0.22.1-5.fc8              fedora        
cinepaint-devel.i386                    0.22.1-5.fc8              fedora        
cinepaint-libs.i386                     0.22.1-5.fc8              fedora        
cjet.i386                               0.8.9-5.fc8               fedora        
cjkunifonts-ukai.noarch                 0.1.20060928-4.fc8        fedora        
cjkunifonts-uming.noarch                0.1.20060928-4.fc8        fedora        
cksfv.i386                              1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav.i386                             0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-data.i386                        0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-data-empty.i386                  0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-devel.i386                       0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-filesystem.i386                  0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-lib.i386                         0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-milter.i386                      0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-milter-sysv.i386                 0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-server.i386                      0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-server-sysv.i386                 0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clamav-update.i386                      0.92.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
clanbomber.i386                         1.05-7.fc8                fedora        
classpathx-jaf.i386                     1.0-9jpp.1                fedora        
classpathx-jaf-javadoc.i386             1.0-9jpp.1                fedora        
classpathx-mail.i386                    1.1.1-4jpp.3              fedora        
classpathx-mail-javadoc.i386            1.1.1-4jpp.3              fedora        
classworlds.noarch                      1.1-1jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
claws-mail.i386                         3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-devel.i386                   3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins.i386                 3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-acpi-notifier.i386   3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-att-remover.i386     3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-attachwarner.i386    3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-bogofilter.i386      3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-cachesaver.i386      3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-clamav.i386          3.0.2-1.fc8               fedora        
claws-mail-plugins-dillo.i386           3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-fetchinfo.i386       3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-gtkhtml2-viewer.i386 3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-mailmbox.i386        3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-newmail.i386         3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-notification.i386    3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-pdfviewer.i386       3.0.1-1.fc8               fedora        
claws-mail-plugins-perl.i386            3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-pgp.i386             3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-rssyl.i386           3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-smime.i386           3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-spam-report.i386     3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-spamassassin.i386    3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-synce.i386           3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-tnef.i386            3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
claws-mail-plugins-vcalendar.i386       3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cleanfeed.noarch                        0.95.7b-21.1.2            updates-newkey
clearsilver.i386                        0.10.4-5.fc8              fedora        
clearsilver-devel.i386                  0.10.4-5.fc8              fedora        
clex.i386                               3.18-2.fc8                updates-newkey
climm.i386                              0.6.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clips.i386                              6.24-22.fc7               fedora        
clips-devel.i386                        6.24-22.fc7               fedora        
clips-doc.i386                          6.24-22.fc7               fedora        
clips-libs.i386                         6.24-22.fc7               fedora        
clips-xclips.i386                       6.24-22.fc7               fedora        
clipsmm.i386                            0.0.7-1.fc7               fedora        
clipsmm-devel.i386                      0.0.7-1.fc7               fedora        
clisp.i386                              2.43-3.fc8                updates-newkey
clisp-devel.i386                        2.43-3.fc8                updates-newkey
clive.noarch                            1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cln.i386                                1.1.13-4.fc8              fedora        
cln-devel.i386                          1.1.13-4.fc8              fedora        
clonekeen.i386                          0.8.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cloudy.i386                             07.02.01-3.fc8            updates-newkey
cloudy-devel.i386                       07.02.01-3.fc8            updates-newkey
cloudy-docs.i386                        07.02.01-3.fc8            updates-newkey
cloudy-libs.i386                        07.02.01-3.fc8            updates-newkey
clucene-core.i386                       0.9.20-2.fc8              updates-newkey
clucene-core-devel.i386                 0.9.20-2.fc8              updates-newkey
cluster-cim.i386                        0.13.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
cluster-snmp.i386                       0.13.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
clusterssh.noarch                       3.22-1.fc8                updates-newkey
clutter.i386                            0.6.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-cairo.i386                      0.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-cairo-devel.i386                0.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-devel.i386                      0.6.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-gst.i386                        0.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-gst-devel.i386                  0.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-gtk.i386                        0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
clutter-gtk-devel.i386                  0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm.i386                          0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm-cairo.i386                    0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm-cairo-devel.i386              0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm-devel.i386                    0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm-gtk.i386                      0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cluttermm-gtk-devel.i386                0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cmake.i386                              2.4.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cman.i386                               2.0.60-3.fc7              fedora        
cman-devel.i386                         2.0.60-3.fc7              fedora        
cmigemo.i386                            1.3-0.6.c_MIT.fc8.1       fedora        
cmigemo-devel.i386                      1.3-0.6.c_MIT.fc8.1       fedora        
cmucl.i386                              19e-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
cmucl-extras.i386                       19e-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
cobbler.noarch                          1.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
coco-coq.noarch                         0.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
coda-backup.i386                        6.9.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
coda-client.i386                        6.9.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
coda-server.i386                        6.9.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
coda-vcodacon.i386                      6.9.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
codeblocks.i386                         8.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
codeblocks-contrib.i386                 8.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
codeblocks-contrib-libs.i386            8.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
codeblocks-devel.i386                   8.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
codeblocks-libs.i386                    8.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
codeina.noarch                          0.10.1-7.fc8              updates-newkey
cogito.noarch                           0.18.2-2.fc7              fedora        
cohoba.noarch                           0.0.4-5.fc7               fedora        
coldet.i386                             1.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
coldet-devel.i386                       1.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
collectd.i386                           4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-apache.i386                    4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-dns.i386                       4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-email.i386                     4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-mysql.i386                     4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-nginx.i386                     4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-rrdtool.i386                   4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-sensors.i386                   4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-snmp.i386                      4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectd-virt.i386                      4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
collectl.noarch                         3.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
color-filesystem.noarch                 1-3                       updates-newkey
colordiff.noarch                        1.0.6a-4.fc8              fedora        
colrdx.i386                             1.02-2.fc8                updates-newkey
comedilib.i386                          0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
comedilib-devel.i386                    0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
comgt.i386                              0.32-1.fc8                fedora        
comix.noarch                            3.6.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
commoncpp2.i386                         1.5.0-1.fc7               fedora        
commoncpp2-devel.i386                   1.5.0-1.fc7               fedora        
compat-db.i386                          4.5.20-3.fc8              fedora        
compat-erlang.i386                      R10B-11.9.fc8             updates-newkey
compat-expat1.i386                      1.95.8-3                  fedora        
compat-flex.i386                        2.5.4a-3.fc8              fedora        
compat-gcc-34.i386                      3.4.6-8                   fedora        
compat-gcc-34-c++.i386                  3.4.6-8                   fedora        
compat-gcc-34-g77.i386                  3.4.6-8                   fedora        
compat-guichan05.i386                   0.5.0-7.fc8               fedora        
compat-guichan05-devel.i386             0.5.0-7.fc8               fedora        
compat-guichan06.i386                   0.6.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
compat-guile-16.i386                    1.6.7-7.fc8               fedora        
compat-guile-16-devel.i386              1.6.7-7.fc8               fedora        
compat-libf2c-34.i386                   3.4.6-8                   fedora        
compat-libgcc-296.i386                  2.96-139                  fedora        
compat-libosip2.i386                    2.2.2-15.fc8              fedora        
compat-libosip2-devel.i386              2.2.2-15.fc8              fedora        
compat-libstdc++-296.i386               2.96-139                  fedora        
compat-libstdc++-33.i386                3.2.3-62                  fedora        
compat-openldap.i386                    2.3.39_2.2.29-4.fc8       updates-newkey
compat-wxGTK26.i386                     2.6.4-0.8                 updates-newkey
compat-wxGTK26-devel.i386               2.6.4-0.8                 updates-newkey
compface.i386                           1.5.2-6                   fedora        
compface-devel.i386                     1.5.2-6                   fedora        
compiz.i386                             0.6.2-3.fc8               fedora        
compiz-bcop.noarch                      0.6.0-1.fc8               fedora        
compiz-devel.i386                       0.6.2-3.fc8               fedora        
compiz-fusion.i386                      0.6.0-12.fc8              updates-newkey
compiz-fusion-devel.i386                0.6.0-12.fc8              updates-newkey
compiz-fusion-extras.i386               0.6.0-1.fc8               fedora        
compiz-fusion-extras-gnome.i386         0.6.0-1.fc8               fedora        
compiz-fusion-gnome.i386                0.6.0-12.fc8              updates-newkey
compiz-gnome.i386                       0.6.2-3.fc8               fedora        
compiz-kde.i386                         0.6.2-3.fc8               fedora        
compiz-manager.noarch                   0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
compizconfig-backend-gconf.i386         0.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
compizconfig-backend-kconfig.i386       0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
compizconfig-python.i386                0.6.0.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
comps-extras.noarch                     13-1                      fedora        
concordance.i386                        0.20-4.fc8                updates-newkey
concurrent.i386                         1.3.4-5jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
concurrent-javadoc.i386                 1.3.4-5jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
conduit.noarch                          0.3.13-2.fc8              updates-newkey
cone.i386                               0.71-5.fc8                fedora        
cone-devel.i386                         0.71-5.fc8                fedora        
cone-doc.i386                           0.71-5.fc8                fedora        
conexus.i386                            0.5.3-2.fc8               fedora        
conexus-devel.i386                      0.5.3-2.fc8               fedora        
conexusmm.i386                          0.5.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
conexusmm-devel.i386                    0.5.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
conglomerate.i386                       0.9.1-4.fc8               fedora        
conky.i386                              1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
conman.i386                             0.2.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
conmux.noarch                           0.0-6.493svn.fc7          fedora        
conmux-client.noarch                    0.0-6.493svn.fc7          fedora        
connect-proxy.i386                      1.95-5.fc6                fedora        
conntrack.i386                          1.0-0.3.beta2.fc7         fedora        
conntrack-tools.i386                    0.9.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
conserver.i386                          8.1.16-3.fc8              fedora        
conserver-client.i386                   8.1.16-3.fc8              fedora        
contact-lookup-applet.i386              0.16-4.fc8                updates-newkey
contacts.i386                           0.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
control-center.i386                     1:2.20.3-3.fc8            updates-newkey
control-center-devel.i386               1:2.20.3-3.fc8            updates-newkey
convmv.noarch                           1.10-3.fc8                fedora        
cook.i386                               2.30-1.fc8                fedora        
coolkey.i386                            1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
coolkey-devel.i386                      1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
coq.i386                                8.1pl3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
coq-coqide.i386                         8.1pl3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
coq-doc.i386                            8.1pl3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
coq-emacs.i386                          8.1pl3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
coredumper.i386                         1.2.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
coredumper-devel.i386                   1.2.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
coriander.i386                          2.0.0-0.6.rc6.fc8         updates-newkey
corkscrew.i386                          2.0-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
cowbell.i386                            0.2.7.1-10.fc8            updates-newkey
cowsay.noarch                           3.03-4.fc8                fedora        
cpan-upload.noarch                      2.2-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
cpan2rpm.noarch                         2.028-2.fc8.1             fedora        
cpanspec.noarch                         1.77-1.fc8                updates-newkey
cpdup.i386                              1.11-2.fc8                updates-newkey
cpipe.i386                              3.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
cpl.i386                                4.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cpl-devel.i386                          4.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cppad-devel.noarch                      20071229-6.fc8            updates-newkey
cppad-doc.noarch                        20071229-6.fc8            updates-newkey
cppunit.i386                            1.12.0-3.fc7              fedora        
cppunit-devel.i386                      1.12.0-3.fc7              fedora        
cppunit-doc.i386                        1.12.0-3.fc7              fedora        
cpqarrayd.i386                          2.3-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
cproto.i386                             4.7f-1.fc8                updates-newkey
cpufreq-utils.i386                      1:002-1.1.41.fc6          fedora        
cpufrequtils.i386                       003-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
crack.i386                              5.0a-9.fc8                updates-newkey
crack-attack.i386                       1.1.14-14.fc8             updates-newkey
cracklib-devel.i386                     2.8.10-3                  fedora        
cracklib-python.i386                    2.8.10-3                  fedora        
crash.i386                              4.0-4.6.2                 fedora        
createrepo.noarch                       0.4.11-2.fc8              updates-newkey
crm114.i386                             0-0.5.20070301.fc8        fedora        
crm114-emacs.i386                       0-0.5.20070301.fc8        fedora        
cronolog.i386                           1.6.2-6.fc8               fedora        
crossfire.i386                          1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-client.i386                   1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-client-images.i386            1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-devel.i386                    1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-doc.i386                      1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-logwatch.i386                 1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-maps.noarch                   1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-plugins.i386                  1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossfire-selinux.i386                  1.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
crossvc.i386                            1.5.2-1.fc8               fedora        
cryptix.i386                            3.2.0-9jpp.3.fc8          updates-newkey
cryptix-asn1.i386                       20011119-7jpp.2           fedora        
cryptix-asn1-javadoc.i386               20011119-7jpp.2           fedora        
cryptix-javadoc.i386                    3.2.0-9jpp.3.fc8          updates-newkey
crypto-utils.i386                       2.3-4                     fedora        
cryptsetup-luks-devel.i386              1.0.5-7.fc8               fedora        
crystal.i386                            1.0.5-1.fc8               fedora        
crystal-clear.noarch                    20050622-6.fc8            fedora        
crystal-project.noarch                  20070620-4.fc8            fedora        
crystal-stacker.i386                    1.5-5.fc8                 fedora        
crystal-stacker-theme-editor.i386       1.5-5.fc8                 fedora        
crystal-stacker-themes.noarch           1.0-3.fc8                 fedora        
crystalspace.i386                       1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
crystalspace-demos.i386                 1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
crystalspace-devel.i386                 1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
crystalspace-doc.i386                   1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
crystalspace-utils.i386                 1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
cscope.i386                             15.5-15.4.fc7             fedora        
csmash.i386                             0.6.6-17                  fedora        
csound.i386                             5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-devel.i386                       5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-dssi.i386                        5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-fltk.i386                        5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-fluidsynth.i386                  5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-gui.i386                         5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-jack.i386                        5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-java.i386                        5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-javadoc.i386                     5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-manual.i386                      5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-osc.i386                         5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-python.i386                      5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-tk.i386                          5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-tutorial.i386                    5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
csound-virtual-keyboard.i386            5.03.0-14.fc8             updates-newkey
cssed.i386                              0.4.0-5.fc8               fedora        
cssed-devel.i386                        0.4.0-5.fc8               fedora        
csstidy.i386                            1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
cstream.i386                            2.7.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ctags.i386                              5.6-1.1                   fedora        
ctapi-common.i386                       1.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
ctapi-cyberjack.i386                    3.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ctapi-cyberjack-devel.i386              3.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ctapi-cyberjack-pcsc.i386               3.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ctapi-cyberjack-tools.i386              3.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ctemplate.i386                          0.91-3.fc8                updates-newkey
ctemplate-devel.i386                    0.91-3.fc8                updates-newkey
ctorrent.i386                           1.3.4-4.dnh3.2.fc8        fedora        
ctrlproxy.i386                          3.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
ctrlproxy-devel.i386                    3.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
culmus-fonts.noarch                     0.101-4.fc8               fedora        
cups.i386                               1:1.3.9-2.fc8             updates-newkey
cups-devel.i386                         1:1.3.9-2.fc8             updates-newkey
cups-lpd.i386                           1:1.3.9-2.fc8             updates-newkey
cups-pdf.i386                           2.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cupsddk.i386                            1.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
cupsddk-devel.i386                      1.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
cupsddk-drivers.i386                    1.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
curl-devel.i386                         7.18.2-7.fc8              updates-newkey
curlftpfs.i386                          0.9.1-1.fc7               fedora        
curry.i386                              0.9.11-3.fc8              fedora        
cvs.i386                                1.11.22-13.fc8            updates-newkey
cvs2cl.noarch                           2.67-1.fc8                fedora        
cvs2svn.noarch                          2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cvsgraph.i386                           1.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
cvsplot.noarch                          1.7.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
cvsps.i386                              2.1-5.fc8                 fedora        
cvsutils.noarch                         0.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
cvsweb.noarch                           3.0.6-3.fc6               fedora        
cwdaemon.i386                           0.9.4-9.fc8               updates-newkey
cwiid.i386                              0.6.00-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cwiid-devel.i386                        0.6.00-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cwiid-python2.i386                      0.6.00-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cwiid-utils.i386                        0.6.00-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cwiid-wminput.i386                      0.6.00-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cwrite.i386                             0.1.24-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cx18-firmware.noarch                    20080628-1                updates-newkey
cycle.noarch                            0.3.1-4.fc7               fedora        
cylindrix.i386                          1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
cyphesis.i386                           0.5.15-3.fc8              updates-newkey
cyphesis-logwatch.i386                  0.5.15-3.fc8              updates-newkey
cyphesis-selinux.i386                   0.5.15-3.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-imapd.i386                        2.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-imapd-devel.i386                  2.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-imapd-perl.i386                   2.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-imapd-utils.i386                  2.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-devel.i386                   2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.i386                  2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-ldap.i386                    2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-md5.i386                     2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.i386                    2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
cyrus-sasl-sql.i386                     2.1.22-8.fc8              updates-newkey
d-feet.noarch                           0.1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
d3lphin.i386                            0.9.2-2.fc8               fedora        
d4x.i386                                2.5.7.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
daa2iso.i386                            0.1.7a-1.fc8              updates-newkey
dahdi-tools.i386                        2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dahdi-tools-devel.i386                  2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dahdi-tools-libs.i386                   2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dap-freeform_handler.i386               3.7.5-2.fc8               fedora        
dap-hdf4_handler.i386                   3.7.5-3.fc8               fedora        
dap-netcdf_handler.i386                 3.7.6-5.fc8               fedora        
dap-server.i386                         3.7.4-4.fc8               fedora        
dap-server-cgi.i386                     3.7.4-4.fc8               fedora        
dar.i386                                2.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
darcs.i386                              1.0.9-6.fc8               fedora        
darcs-server.i386                       1.0.9-6.fc8               fedora        
darkgarden-fonts.noarch                 1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
dash.i386                               0.5.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dasher.i386                             4.6.1-1.fc8               fedora        
dates.i386                              0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
dates-devel.i386                        0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
dayplanner.noarch                       0.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
db4-cxx.i386                            4.6.21-3.fc8              updates-newkey
db4-devel.i386                          4.6.21-3.fc8              updates-newkey
db4-java.i386                           4.6.21-3.fc8              updates-newkey
db4-tcl.i386                            4.6.21-3.fc8              updates-newkey
db4-utils.i386                          4.6.21-3.fc8              updates-newkey
db4o.i386                               6.1-2.fc7                 fedora        
db4o-devel.i386                         6.1-2.fc7                 fedora        
db4o-doc.i386                           6.1-2.fc7                 fedora        
dbench.i386                             3.04-6.fc8                fedora        
dbh.i386                                1:1.0.24-5.fc6            fedora        
dbh-devel.i386                          1:1.0.24-5.fc6            fedora        
dblatex.noarch                          0.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dbmail.i386                             2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dbmail-auth-ldap.i386                   2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dbmail-mysql.i386                       2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dbmail-pgsql.i386                       2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dbus-c++.i386                           0.5.0-0.3.20080716git1337c65.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
dbus-c++-devel.i386                     0.5.0-0.3.20080716git1337c65.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
dbus-devel.i386                         1.1.2-9.fc8               updates-newkey
dbus-glib-devel.i386                    0.73-8.fc8                updates-newkey
dbus-python-devel.i386                  0.82.0-2.fc8              fedora        
dbus-qt.i386                            0.70-2.fc8                fedora        
dbus-qt-devel.i386                      0.70-2.fc8                fedora        
dbus-qt3.i386                           0.8.1-1.20080603svn.fc8   updates-newkey
dbus-qt3-devel.i386                     0.8.1-1.20080603svn.fc8   updates-newkey
dbus-sharp.i386                         0.63-8.fc8                fedora        
dbus-sharp-devel.i386                   0.63-8.fc8                fedora        
dbus-x11.i386                           1.1.2-9.fc8               updates-newkey
dbxml.i386                              2.3.10-9.fc8              updates-newkey
dbxml-devel.i386                        2.3.10-9.fc8              updates-newkey
dbxml-doc.i386                          2.3.10-9.fc8              updates-newkey
dbxml-perl.i386                         2.003-3.fc8               updates-newkey
dbxml-python.i386                       2.3.10-9.fc8              updates-newkey
dbxml-utils.i386                        2.3.10-9.fc8              updates-newkey
dclib.i386                              0.3.11-1.fc8              fedora        
dclib-devel.i386                        0.3.11-1.fc8              fedora        
dcraw.i386                              8.80-1.fc8                updates-newkey
dd2.i386                                0.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
dd_rescue.i386                          1.12-6.fc7                fedora        
ddclient.noarch                         3.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ddd.i386                                3.3.11-17.fc8             updates-newkey
ddskk.noarch                            12.2.0-11.fc7             fedora        
ddskk-xemacs.noarch                     12.2.0-11.fc7             fedora        
debootstrap.noarch                      1.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
decibel-audio-player.noarch             0.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
dejagnu.noarch                          1:1.4.4-12.fc8            updates-newkey
dejavu-fonts.noarch                     2.20-1.fc8                fedora        
dejavu-fonts-experimental.noarch        2.20-1.fc8                fedora        
dejavu-lgc-fonts.noarch                 2.19-1                    fedora        
dekorator.i386                          0.3-3.fc7                 fedora        
deltarpm.i386                           3.4-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
deluge.i386                             0.5.9.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
demorse.i386                            0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
denyhosts.noarch                        2.6-10.fc8                updates-newkey
deskbar-applet.i386                     2.21.91-1.fc8             updates-newkey
desktop-backgrounds-basic.noarch        7.92-8                    fedora        
deutex.i386                             4.4.0-5.fc8               fedora        
dev86.i386                              0.16.17-7.fc8             fedora        
devhelp.i386                            0.16.1-12.fc8             updates-newkey
devhelp-devel.i386                      0.16.1-12.fc8             updates-newkey
device-mapper-devel.i386                1.02.22-1.fc8             fedora        
devilspie.i386                          0.22-1.fc8                updates-newkey
dfu-programmer.i386                     0.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dgae.noarch                             1.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
dhcp.i386                               12:3.0.6-12.fc8           updates-newkey
dhcp-devel.i386                         12:3.0.6-12.fc8           updates-newkey
dhcp-forwarder.i386                     0.7-12.fc7                fedora        
dhcp-forwarder-sysv.i386                0.7-12.fc7                fedora        
dhcp-static.i386                        12:3.0.6-12.fc8           updates-newkey
dhcpv6.i386                             0.10-52.fc8               updates-newkey
dia.i386                                1:0.96.1-6.fc8            updates-newkey
dialog.i386                             1.1-2.20070704.fc8        fedora        
dialog-devel.i386                       1.1-2.20070704.fc8        fedora        
dictd.i386                              1.10.9-1                  fedora        
diction.i386                            1.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
dietlibc.i386                           0.31-1.fc8                fedora        
diffstat.i386                           1.43-6.fc8                fedora        
digikam.i386                            0.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
digikam-devel.i386                      0.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
digikam-doc.noarch                      0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
digitemp.i386                           3.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
dillo.i386                              0.8.6-4.fc8               fedora        
dirac.i386                              0.8.0-2.fc8               fedora        
dirac-devel.i386                        0.8.0-2.fc8               fedora        
dirac-docs.i386                         0.8.0-2.fc8               fedora        
dirac-libs.i386                         0.8.0-2.fc8               fedora        
dircproxy.i386                          1.2.0-0.6beta2.fc8        fedora        
directfb.i386                           1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
directfb-devel.i386                     1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
dirvish.noarch                          1.2.1-2.fc6               fedora        
distcache.i386                          1.4.5-15                  fedora        
distcache-devel.i386                    1.4.5-15                  fedora        
distcc.i386                             2.18.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
distcc-server.i386                      2.18.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
diveintopython.noarch                   5.4-14.fc8                updates-newkey
diveintopython-html.noarch              5.4-14.fc8                updates-newkey
diveintopython-pdf.noarch               5.4-14.fc8                updates-newkey
diveintopython-single-html.noarch       5.4-14.fc8                updates-newkey
diveintopython-txt.noarch               5.4-14.fc8                updates-newkey
djview4.i386                            4.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
djvulibre.i386                          3.5.19-4.fc8              fedora        
djvulibre-devel.i386                    3.5.19-4.fc8              fedora        
dkms.noarch                             2.0.19.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
dmraid-devel.i386                       1.0.0.rc14-4.fc8          fedora        
dnrd.i386                               2.20.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
dnscap.i386                             1.0-0.5.20070807cvs.fc8   fedora        
dnssec-tools.i386                       1.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dnssec-tools-libs.i386                  1.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dnssec-tools-libs-devel.i386            1.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dnssec-tools-perlmods.i386              1.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dnstracer.i386                          1.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
docbook-dtds.noarch                     1.0-33.fc8                updates-newkey
docbook-simple.noarch                   1.1-1.02.fc8              fedora        
docbook-slides.noarch                   3.4.0-1.02.fc8            fedora        
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch              1.79-4.1                  fedora        
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                1.73.2-5.fc8              updates-newkey
docbook-utils.noarch                    0.6.14-11.fc8             updates-newkey
docbook-utils-pdf.noarch                0.6.14-11.fc8             updates-newkey
docbook2X.i386                          0.8.8-1.fc8               fedora        
docker.i386                             1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
dogtail.noarch                          0.6.1-1.fc7               fedora        
dom4j.noarch                            1.6.1-2jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
dom4j-demo.noarch                       1.6.1-2jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
dom4j-javadoc.noarch                    1.6.1-2jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
dom4j-manual.noarch                     1.6.1-2jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
doodle.i386                             0.6.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
doodle-devel.i386                       0.6.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dosbox.i386                             0.72-1.fc8                fedora        
dotconf.i386                            1.0.13-6.fc8              updates-newkey
dotconf-devel.i386                      1.0.13-6.fc8              updates-newkey
doulos-fonts.noarch                     4.0.14-4.fc7              fedora        
dovecot.i386                            1:1.0.15-16.fc8           updates-newkey
dovecot-devel.i386                      1:1.0.15-16.fc8           updates-newkey
dovecot-mysql.i386                      1:1.0.15-16.fc8           updates-newkey
dovecot-pgsql.i386                      1:1.0.15-16.fc8           updates-newkey
dovecot-sieve.i386                      1:1.0.3-16.fc8            updates-newkey
dovecot-sqlite.i386                     1:1.0.15-16.fc8           updates-newkey
doxygen.i386                            1:1.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
doxygen-doxywizard.i386                 1:1.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
drawtiming.i386                         0.6.2-2.fc8               fedora        
drgeo.i386                              1.1.0-11.fc8              fedora        
drgeo-doc.noarch                        1.6-8.fc8                 fedora        
driconf.noarch                          0.9.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
driftnet.i386                           0.1.6-19.20040426cvs.fc8  updates-newkey
drivel.i386                             2.1.1-0.3.20071130svn.fc8 updates-newkey
dropbear.i386                           0.50-2.fc8                updates-newkey
drpython.noarch                         1:3.11.0-2.fc8            updates-newkey
drupal.noarch                           5.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ds9.i386                                5.2-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
dsniff.i386                             2.4-0.3.b1.fc8            updates-newkey
dssi.i386                               0.9.1-11.fc8              fedora        
dssi-devel.i386                         0.9.1-11.fc8              fedora        
dssi-examples.i386                      0.9.1-11.fc8              fedora        
dstat.noarch                            0.6.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
dtach.i386                              0.7-1.2.3                 fedora        
dtc.i386                                1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dtdparser.i386                          1.21-3jpp.2.fc7           fedora        
dtdparser-javadoc.i386                  1.21-3jpp.2.fc7           fedora        
duel3.i386                              0.1-0.4.20060225.fc8      fedora        
dumb.i386                               0.9.3-6.fc8               fedora        
dumb-devel.i386                         0.9.3-6.fc8               fedora        
dumpasn1.i386                           20060622-3.fc8            fedora        
duplicity.i386                          0.5.03-1.fc8              updates-newkey
dvb-apps.i386                           1.1.1-10.fc8              fedora        
dvd+rw-tools.i386                       7.0-7.fc8                 fedora        
dvdauthor.i386                          0.6.14-2.fc8              fedora        
dvdisaster.i386                         0.70.4-2.fc7              fedora        
dvgrab.i386                             3.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
dwatch.i386                             0.1.1-3.fc8               fedora        
dwdiff.i386                             1.2.1-5.fc8               fedora        
dx.i386                                 4.4.4-4.fc8               fedora        
dx-devel.i386                           4.4.4-4.fc8               fedora        
dx-samples.noarch                       4.4.0-3.fc6               fedora        
dxcc.noarch                             20080225-3.fc8            updates-newkey
dxcc-gui.noarch                         20080225-3.fc8            updates-newkey
dxpc.i386                               3.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dynamite.i386                           0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
dynamite-devel.i386                     0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
e16.i386                                0.16.8.14-1.fc8           updates-newkey
e16-docs.noarch                         0.16.8.0.1-2.fc8          updates-newkey
e16-epplets.i386                        0.10-3.fc8                updates-newkey
e16-epplets-devel.i386                  0.10-3.fc8                updates-newkey
e16-keyedit.i386                        0.5-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
e16-themes.noarch                       0.16.8.0.2-1.fc8          updates-newkey
e2fsprogs-devel.i386                    1.40.4-3.fc8              updates-newkey
e2tools.i386                            0.0.16-9.fc8              updates-newkey
e_dbus.i386                             0.5.0.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
e_dbus-devel.i386                       0.5.0.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
easytag.i386                            2.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
eb.i386                                 4.3-2.fc7                 fedora        
eb-devel.i386                           4.3-2.fc7                 fedora        
ebhttpd.i386                            1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
eblook.i386                             1.6.1-2.fc7               fedora        
ebnetd.i386                             1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
ebnetd-common.i386                      1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
ebtables.i386                           2.0.8-3.fc8               fedora        
ebview.i386                             0.3.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
echo-artist.noarch                      0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
echo-icon-theme.noarch                  0.3.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
echoping.i386                           5.2.0-2.fc6               fedora        
ecl.i386                                0.9l-3.fc8                updates-newkey
eclipse-cdt.i386                        1:4.0.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
eclipse-cdt-sdk.i386                    1:4.0.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
eclipse-changelog.i386                  1:2.6.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
eclipse-changelog-cdt.i386              1:2.5.1-2.fc8             fedora        
eclipse-changelog-jdt.i386              1:2.5.1-2.fc8             fedora        
eclipse-checkstyle.i386                 4.0.1-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-cvs-client.i386                 1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-demos.noarch                    0.0.1-2.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-ecj.i386                        1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-egit.i386                       0.3.0-2.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-emf.i386                        2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-examples.i386               2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-sdk.i386                    2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-sdo.i386                    2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-sdo-sdk.i386                2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-standalone.i386             2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-xsd.i386                    2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-emf-xsd-sdk.i386                2.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
eclipse-epic.i386                       0.6.27-1.fc8              updates-newkey
eclipse-gef.i386                        3.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-gef-examples.i386               3.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-gef-sdk.i386                    3.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-jdt.i386                        1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-mylyn.i386                      2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-mylyn-bugzilla.i386             2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-mylyn-ide.i386                  2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-mylyn-java.i386                 2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-mylyn-pde.i386                  2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-mylyn-trac.i386                 2.0.0-9.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-pde.i386                        1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-pde-runtime.i386                1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-photran.i386                    4.0-0.b3.fc8.1            updates-newkey
eclipse-phpeclipse.i386                 1.2.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
eclipse-platform.i386                   1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-pydev.i386                      1:1.3.20-2.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-quickrex.i386                   3.5.0-5.fc8               fedora        
eclipse-rcp.i386                        1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
eclipse-rpm-editor.i386                 0.4.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
eclipse-subclipse.i386                  1.2.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
eclipse-subclipse-book.i386             1.2.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ecore.i386                              0.9.9.043-1.fc8.1         updates-newkey
ecore-devel.i386                        0.9.9.043-1.fc8.1         updates-newkey
ecryptfs-utils.i386                     18-1.fc8                  fedora        
ecryptfs-utils-devel.i386               18-1.fc8                  fedora        
ed2k_hash.i386                          0.4.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ed2k_hash-gui.i386                      0.4.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
edac-utils.i386                         0.9-7.fc8                 fedora        
edac-utils-devel.i386                   0.9-7.fc8                 fedora        
edb.i386                                0.9.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
edje.i386                               0.9.9.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
edje-devel.i386                         0.9.9.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
eds-feed.i386                           0.5.0-7.fc8               fedora        
edsadmin.noarch                         1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
eel2.i386                               2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
eel2-devel.i386                         2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
eet.i386                                1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
eet-devel.i386                          1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
efax.i386                               0.9-27.2.1                fedora        
efont-unicode-bdf.noarch                0.4.2-7.fc8               fedora        
efreet.i386                             0.5.0.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
efreet-devel.i386                       0.5.0.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
egd.noarch                              0.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
eggdrop.i386                            1.6.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
egoboo.i386                             2.4.3-4.fc8               fedora        
egoboo-data.noarch                      2.4.3-1.fc8               fedora        
eiciel.i386                             0.9.6.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
eigen-devel.noarch                      1.0.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ejabberd.i386                           2.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ejabberd-doc.i386                       2.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ekg.i386                                1.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ekg2.i386                               0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-core.i386                          0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-devel.i386                         0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-gadu-gadu.i386                     0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-gpg.i386                           0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-gtk2.i386                          0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-ioctld.i386                        0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-jabber.i386                        0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-logsqlite.i386                     0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-python.i386                        0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-voip.i386                          0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekg2-xosd.i386                          0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
ekiga.i386                              2.0.11-2.fc8              updates-newkey
electronics-menu.noarch                 1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
elektra.i386                            0.6.10-5.fc8              fedora        
elektra-devel.i386                      0.6.10-5.fc8              fedora        
elftoaout.i386                          2.3-10.fc8                fedora        
elfutils.i386                           0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elfutils-devel.i386                     0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elfutils-devel-static.i386              0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elfutils-libelf-devel.i386              0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elfutils-libelf-devel-static.i386       0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elfutils-libs.i386                      0.137-3.fc8               updates-newkey
elice.i386                              0.258-1.fc8               updates-newkey
elinks.i386                             0.11.3-6.fc8              fedora        
elisa.noarch                            0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
elph.i386                               1.0.1-2.fc8               fedora        
elsa.i386                               1.4-2.fc8                 fedora        
em8300.i386                             0.16.3-1.fc8              fedora        
em8300-devel.i386                       0.16.3-1.fc8              fedora        
em8300-utils.i386                       0.16.3-1.fc8              fedora        
emacs.i386                              22.1-11.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-auctex.noarch                     11.85-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-auctex-doc.noarch                 11.85-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-auctex-el.noarch                  11.85-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-bbdb.noarch                       1:2.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-bbdb-el.noarch                    1:2.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-cdargs.i386                       1.35-2.fc8                updates-newkey
emacs-common.i386                       22.1-11.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-common-ebib.noarch                1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-common-ess.noarch                 5.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-common-muse.noarch                3.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
emacs-common-tuareg.noarch              1.45.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-ebib.noarch                       1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-ebib-el.noarch                    1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-el.i386                           22.1-11.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-ess.noarch                        5.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-ess-el.noarch                     5.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-gambit.i386                       4.2.8-6.fc8.1             updates-newkey
emacs-git.i386                          1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
emacs-gtypist.i386                      2.7-5.fc8                 fedora        
emacs-lua.noarch                        20071122-5.fc8            updates-newkey
emacs-lua-el.noarch                     20071122-5.fc8            updates-newkey
emacs-mercurial.i386                    1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
emacs-mercurial-el.i386                 1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
emacs-muse.noarch                       3.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
emacs-muse-el.noarch                    3.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
emacs-nox.i386                          22.1-11.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-nxml-mode.noarch                  0.20041004-6.fc8          fedora        
emacs-pyrex.noarch                      0.9.6.4-1.fc8             updates-newkey
emacs-tuareg.noarch                     1.45.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-tuareg-el.noarch                  1.45.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-vala.i386                         0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
emacs-vm.i386                           8.0.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
emacs-vm-el.i386                        8.0.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
emacspeak.noarch                        28.0-3.fc8                updates-newkey
embryo.i386                             0.9.9.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
embryo-devel.i386                       0.9.9.043-1.fc8           updates-newkey
emelfm2.i386                            0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
emerald.i386                            0.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
emerald-devel.i386                      0.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
emerald-themes.noarch                   0.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
emesene.noarch                          1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
emotion.i386                            0.1.0.042-2.fc8           updates-newkey
emotion-devel.i386                      0.1.0.042-2.fc8           updates-newkey
empathy.i386                            0.14-4.fc8                fedora        
empathy-devel.i386                      0.14-4.fc8                fedora        
empathy-libs.i386                       0.14-4.fc8                fedora        
empathy-python.i386                     0.14-4.fc8                fedora        
enblend.i386                            3.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
enca.i386                               1.9-3.fc6                 fedora        
enca-devel.i386                         1.9-3.fc6                 fedora        
enchant.i386                            1:1.3.0-1.fc6             fedora        
enchant-devel.i386                      1:1.3.0-1.fc6             fedora        
enemies-of-carlotta.noarch              1.2.4-1.fc7               fedora        
enet.i386                               1.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
enet-devel.i386                         1.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
engine_pkcs11.i386                      0.1.3-5.fc8               fedora        
enigma.i386                             1.01-3.1                  fedora        
enlightenment.i386                      0.16.999.043-3.fc8        updates-newkey
enlightenment-devel.i386                0.16.999.043-3.fc8        updates-newkey
enscript.i386                           1.6.4-9.fc8               updates-newkey
environment-modules.i386                3.2.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
eog.i386                                2.20.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
eog-devel.i386                          2.20.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
epdfview.i386                           0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
epeg.i386                               0.9.1.042-4.fc8           updates-newkey
epeg-devel.i386                         0.9.1.042-4.fc8           updates-newkey
epic.i386                               4:2.6-2.fc8               fedora        
epiphany.i386                           2.20.3-9.fc8              updates-newkey
epiphany-devel.i386                     2.20.3-9.fc8              updates-newkey
epiphany-extensions.i386                2.20.1-12.fc8             updates-newkey
epsilon.i386                            0.3.0.012-3.fc8           updates-newkey
epsilon-devel.i386                      0.3.0.012-3.fc8           updates-newkey
epsilon-xine.i386                       0.3.0.012-3.fc8           updates-newkey
epydoc.noarch                           2.1-8.fc8                 fedora        
epylog.noarch                           1.0.3-5.fc7               fedora        
epylog-perl.noarch                      1.0.3-5.fc7               fedora        
eric.noarch                             3.9.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
eris.i386                               1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
eris-devel.i386                         1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
erlang.i386                             R12B-1.1.fc8              updates-newkey
erlang-doc.i386                         R12B-1.1.fc8              updates-newkey
erlang-esdl.i386                        0.96.0626-2.fc8           updates-newkey
erlang-esdl-devel.i386                  0.96.0626-2.fc8           updates-newkey
erlang-pgsql.i386                       0-2.20080825svn.fc8       updates-newkey
erlang-pgsql-devel.i386                 0-2.20080825svn.fc8       updates-newkey
eruby.i386                              1.0.5-10                  fedora        
eruby-devel.i386                        1.0.5-10                  fedora        
eruby-libs.i386                         1.0.5-10                  fedora        
esc.i386                                1.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
escape.i386                             200704130-6.fc8           fedora        
esmtp.i386                              0.6.0-1.fc8               fedora        
esorex.i386                             3.6.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
esound-devel.i386                       1:0.2.38-6.fc8            fedora        
esound-tools.i386                       1:0.2.38-6.fc8            fedora        
espeak.i386                             1.31-5.fc8                updates-newkey
espeak-devel.i386                       1.31-5.fc8                updates-newkey
eterm.i386                              0.9.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
etherape.i386                           0.9.7-5.fc7               fedora        
etherbat.i386                           1.0.1-3.fc8               fedora        
ettercap.i386                           0.7.3-26.fc8              updates-newkey
ettercap-common.i386                    0.7.3-26.fc8              updates-newkey
ettercap-gtk.i386                       0.7.3-26.fc8              updates-newkey
evas.i386                               0.9.9.043-2.fc8           updates-newkey
evas-devel.i386                         0.9.9.043-2.fc8           updates-newkey
eventlog.i386                           0.2.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
eventlog-devel.i386                     0.2.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
evince.i386                             2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution.i386                          2.12.3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-brutus.i386                   1.1.28.7-2.fc8            fedora        
evolution-brutus-devel.i386             1.1.28.7-2.fc8            fedora        
evolution-data-server.i386              1.12.3-6.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-data-server-devel.i386        1.12.3-6.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-devel.i386                    2.12.3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-exchange.i386                 2.12.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-help.i386                     2.12.3-5.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-python.i386                   0.0.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
evolution-remove-duplicates.i386        0.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
evolution-rspam.i386                    0.0.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
evolution-rss.i386                      0.0.8-14.fc8              updates-newkey
evolution-sharp.i386                    0.14.0.1-1.fc8            fedora        
evolution-sharp-devel.i386              0.14.0.1-1.fc8            fedora        
evolution-webcal.i386                   2.12.0-1.fc8              fedora        
evolution-zimbra.i386                   0.1.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ewftools.i386                           0-2.20070512.fc8          updates-newkey
exaile.i386                             0.2.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
exempi.i386                             1.99.4-2.fc8              fedora        
exempi-devel.i386                       1.99.4-2.fc8              fedora        
exim.i386                               4.68-1.fc8                fedora        
exim-clamav.i386                        4.68-1.fc8                fedora        
exim-doc.noarch                         4.68-1.fc8                fedora        
exim-greylist.i386                      4.68-1.fc8                fedora        
exim-mon.i386                           4.68-1.fc8                fedora        
exiv2.i386                              0.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
exiv2-devel.i386                        0.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
exiv2-libs.i386                         0.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
exo.i386                                0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
exo-devel.i386                          0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
expat-devel.i386                        2.0.1-2                   fedora        
expect.i386                             5.43.0-9.fc8              fedora        
expect-devel.i386                       5.43.0-9.fc8              fedora        
expectk.i386                            5.43.0-9.fc8              fedora        
expendable.noarch                       0.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ext3grep.i386                           0.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
extrema.i386                            4.3.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
extrema-help.i386                       4.3.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
extremetuxracer.i386                    0.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
ez-ipupdate.i386                        3.0.11-0.19.b8.fc8        updates-newkey
ezstream.i386                           0.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
f-spot.i386                             0.4.3.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
fRaBs.noarch                            2.10-3.fc8                fedora        
facter.noarch                           1.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
factory-devel.i386                      3.0.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fail2ban.noarch                         0.8.3-16.fc8              updates-newkey
fakechroot.i386                         2.8-15.fc8                updates-newkey
fakeroot.i386                           1.11-19.fc8               updates-newkey
fann.i386                               2.0.0-4.fc8               fedora        
fann-devel.i386                         2.0.0-4.fc8               fedora        
fantasdic.noarch                        1.0-0.2.beta6.fc8         updates-newkey
farsight.i386                           0.1.25-1.fc8              fedora        
farsight-devel.i386                     0.1.25-1.fc8              fedora        
fast-user-switch-applet.i386            2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
fatsort.i386                            0.9.8.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
fbdesk.i386                             1.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fbg.i386                                0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
fbida.i386                              2.06-4.fc8                fedora        
fbida-fbgs.i386                         2.06-4.fc8                fedora        
fbpanel.i386                            4.12-6.fc8                updates-newkey
fbreader.i386                           0.8.12-1.fc8              updates-newkey
fcgi.i386                               2.4.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
fcgi-devel.i386                         2.4.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
fcgi-perl.i386                          2.4.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
fcron.i386                              3.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
fdupes.i386                             1.40-10.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                 8-1                       fedora        
fedora-ds.i386                          1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-admin.i386                    1.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-admin-console.noarch          1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-base.i386                     1.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-base-devel.i386               1.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-console.noarch                1.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-ds-dsgw.i386                     1.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-gnome-theme.noarch               8.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-icon-theme.noarch                1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedora-idm-console.i386                 1.1.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-package-config-apt.noarch        8-2.transitional          updates-newkey
fedora-package-config-smart.i386        8-12.0.2.transitional     updates-newkey
fedora-packager.noarch                  0.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedora-screensaver-theme.noarch         1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedora-usermgmt.noarch                  0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
fedora-usermgmt-core.noarch             0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
fedora-usermgmt-default-fedora-setup.noarch
                                        0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
fedora-usermgmt-devel.noarch            0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
fedora-usermgmt-shadow-utils.noarch     0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
fedorabubbles-gdm-theme.noarch          1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedoradna-gdm-theme.noarch              1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedoradna-kdm-theme.noarch              1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedoraflyinghigh-gdm-theme.noarch       1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedoraflyinghigh-kdm-theme.noarch       1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
fedorainfinity-gdm-theme.noarch         8.0.1-1.fc8               fedora        
fedorainfinity-kdm-theme.noarch         1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fedorainfinity-screensaver-theme.noarch 1.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
feh.i386                                1.3.4-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ferm.noarch                             2.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
festival.i386                           1.96-1.fc7                fedora        
festival-devel.i386                     1.96-1.fc7                fedora        
festival-docs.i386                      1.4.2-1.fc7               fedora        
festival-lib.i386                       1.96-1.fc7                fedora        
festival-speechtools-devel.i386         1.2.96-1.fc7              fedora        
festival-speechtools-libs.i386          1.2.96-1.fc7              fedora        
festival-speechtools-utils.i386         1.2.96-1.fc7              fedora        
festvox-awb-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-bdl-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-clb-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-jmk-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-kal-diphone.i386                0.19990610-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-ked-diphone.i386                0.19990610-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-rms-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
festvox-slt-arctic-hts.i386             0.20061229-1.fc7          fedora        
fetchlog.i386                           1.0-8.fc6                 fedora        
fetchmail.i386                          6.3.8-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ffcall.i386                             1.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ffsb.i386                               5.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fftw.i386                               3.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
fftw-devel.i386                         3.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
fftw-static.i386                        3.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
fftw2.i386                              2.1.5-15.fc8              fedora        
fftw2-devel.i386                        2.1.5-15.fc8              fedora        
fgfs-Atlas.i386                         0.3.1-5.fc8               fedora        
fgfs-base.noarch                        0.9.11-0.1.pre1.fc8       fedora        
fig2ps.noarch                           1.3.6-2.fc7               fedora        
file-browser-applet.i386                0.5.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
file-devel.i386                         4.21-6.fc8                updates-newkey
file-roller.i386                        2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
filelight.i386                          1.0-11.fc8                updates-newkey
filezilla.i386                          3.1.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
fillets-ng.i386                         0.7.4-3.fc8               fedora        
fillets-ng-data.noarch                  0.7.4-2                   fedora        
finch.i386                              2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
finch-devel.i386                        2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
finger-server.i386                      0.17-35.fc8               fedora        
fio.i386                                1.19-1.fc8                updates-newkey
firefox.i386                            2.0.0.19-1.fc8            updates-newkey
firefox-devel.i386                      2.0.0.19-1.fc8            updates-newkey
firestarter.i386                        1.0.3-17.fc8              fedora        
firewalk.i386                           5.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
firmware-addon-dell.i386                1.4.8-1.fc8               fedora        
firmware-tools.noarch                   1.5.6-1.fc8               fedora        
firstboot.noarch                        1.4.39-1.fc8              fedora        
firstboot-tui.noarch                    1.4.39-1.fc8              fedora        
fish.i386                               1.23.0-1.1.fc8            updates-newkey
fityk.i386                              0.8.1-10.fc8              fedora        
fityk-devel.i386                        0.8.1-10.fc8              fedora        
flac.i386                               1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
flac-devel.i386                         1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
flac123.i386                            0.0.11-3.fc8              fedora        
flagpoll.noarch                         0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
flam3.i386                              2.7.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
flam3-devel.i386                        2.7.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
flashrom.i386                           0-0.14.20081103svn3723.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
flasm.i386                              1.62-2.fc8                fedora        
flawfinder.noarch                       1.27-3.fc8                fedora        
fldigi.i386                             3.01-1.fc8                updates-newkey
flex.i386                               2.5.33-14.fc8             updates-newkey
flight-of-the-amazon-queen.noarch       1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
flight-of-the-amazon-queen-cd.noarch    1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
flim.noarch                             1.14.8-3.fc8              fedora        
flim-xemacs.noarch                      1.14.8-3.fc8              fedora        
flite.i386                              1.3-8.fc7                 fedora        
flite-devel.i386                        1.3-8.fc7                 fedora        
flobopuyo.i386                          0.20-4.fc8                updates-newkey
florence.i386                           0.3.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
flow-tools.i386                         0.68.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
flow-tools-devel.i386                   0.68.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
flpsed.i386                             0.5.0-3.fc8               fedora        
fltk.i386                               1.1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fltk-devel.i386                         1.1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fltk-fluid.i386                         1.1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fluidsynth.i386                         1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fluidsynth-devel.i386                   1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fluidsynth-dssi.i386                    0.9.1-7.fc6               fedora        
fluidsynth-libs.i386                    1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
flumotion.i386                          0.4.2-1.fc7               fedora        
fluxbox.i386                            1.1.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
fluxbox-pulseaudio.i386                 1.1.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
fluxconf.i386                           0.9.9-4.fc8               fedora        
fluxstyle.noarch                        1.0.1-2.fc7               fedora        
fmio.i386                               2.0.8-10.fc8              updates-newkey
fmio-devel.i386                         2.0.8-10.fc8              updates-newkey
fmio-wmfmio.i386                        2.0.8-10.fc8              updates-newkey
fmt-ptrn.i386                           1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
fmt-ptrn-devel.i386                     1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
fmt-ptrn-java.i386                      1.3.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
fmtools.i386                            1.0.2-2.fc8               fedora        
fnfx.i386                               0.3-10.fc8                updates-newkey
fontconfig-devel.i386                   2.4.2-5.fc8               fedora        
fontforge.i386                          20070511-2.fc8            fedora        
fontmatrix.i386                         0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fonts-ISO8859-2.noarch                  1.0-18.fc8                fedora        
fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch           1.0-18.fc8                fedora        
fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch            1.0-18.fc8                fedora        
fonts-KOI8-R.noarch                     1.0-10.fc8                fedora        
fonts-KOI8-R-100dpi.noarch              1.0-10.fc8                fedora        
fonts-KOI8-R-75dpi.noarch               1.0-10.fc8                fedora        
fonts-arabic.noarch                     2.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
fonts-bengali.noarch                    2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-chinese.noarch                    3.03-12.fc8               fedora        
fonts-gujarati.noarch                   2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-hebrew.noarch                     0.101-2.fc8               fedora        
fonts-hebrew-fancy.noarch               0.20051122-2.fc7          fedora        
fonts-hindi.noarch                      2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-japanese.noarch                   0.20061016-12.fc8         fedora        
fonts-kannada.noarch                    2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-korean.noarch                     2.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
fonts-malayalam.noarch                  2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-oriya.noarch                      2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-punjabi.noarch                    2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-sinhala.noarch                    0.2.2-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-tamil.noarch                      2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-telugu.noarch                     2.1.5-3.fc8               fedora        
fonts-truetype-apl.i386                 4.22.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
fonts-x11-apl.i386                      4.22.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
fonttools.i386                          2.0-0.11.20060223cvs.fc7  fedora        
fontypython.noarch                      0.2.0-6.fc7               fedora        
foobillard.i386                         3.0a-8.fc8                updates-newkey
foomatic.i386                           3.0.2-67.fc8              updates-newkey
foremost.i386                           1.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fortune-firefly.noarch                  2.1.2-4.fc8               fedora        
fortune-mod.i386                        1.99.1-9.fc8              fedora        
fotoxx.i386                             5.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
fpc.i386                                2.2.0-10.fc8              fedora        
fpc-doc.i386                            2.2.0-10.fc8              fedora        
fpc-src.i386                            2.2.0-10.fc8              fedora        
fping.i386                              2.4b2-7.fc6               fedora        
fpm2.i386                               0.72-1.fc8                updates-newkey
fprint_demo.i386                        0.4-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
fprobe-ulog.i386                        1.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
freealut.i386                           1.1.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
freealut-devel.i386                     1.1.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
freeciv.i386                            2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
freecol.noarch                          0.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
freecol-manual.noarch                   0.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
freedink.i386                           1.08.20080920-4.fc8       updates-newkey
freedink-data.noarch                    1.08.20080920-3.fc8       updates-newkey
freedink-dfarc.i386                     3.2.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
freedink-engine.i386                    1.08.20080920-4.fc8       updates-newkey
freedoom.noarch                         0.5-3.fc8                 fedora        
freedoom-freedm.noarch                  0.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
freedroid.i386                          1.0.2-8.fc8               fedora        
freedroidrpg.i386                       0.10.3-1.fc8              fedora        
freefem++.i386                          2.24-2.fc8                updates-newkey
freefem++-glx.i386                      2.24-2.fc8                updates-newkey
freefem++-mpi.i386                      2.24-2.fc8                updates-newkey
freefont.noarch                         20060126-4.fc7            fedora        
freeglut.i386                           2.4.0-11.fc8              fedora        
freeglut-devel.i386                     2.4.0-11.fc8              fedora        
freehdl.i386                            0.0.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
freehoo.i386                            3.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
freeimage.i386                          3.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
freeimage-devel.i386                    3.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
freeipmi.i386                           0.4.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.i386              0.4.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freeipmi-devel.i386                     0.4.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.i386               0.4.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freeipmi-ipmimonitoring.i386            0.4.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freenx.i386                             0.7.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
freenx-server.i386                      0.7.3-11.fc8              updates-newkey
freeradius.i386                         1.1.7-3.1.fc8             fedora        
freeradius-mysql.i386                   1.1.7-3.1.fc8             fedora        
freeradius-postgresql.i386              1.1.7-3.1.fc8             fedora        
freeradius-unixODBC.i386                1.1.7-3.1.fc8             fedora        
freetalk.i386                           3.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
freetds.i386                            0.64-11.fc8               updates-newkey
freetds-devel.i386                      0.64-11.fc8               updates-newkey
freetds-doc.i386                        0.64-11.fc8               updates-newkey
freetennis.i386                         0.4.8-6.fc7               fedora        
freetype-demos.i386                     2.3.5-5.fc8               updates-newkey
freetype-devel.i386                     2.3.5-5.fc8               updates-newkey
freetype1.i386                          1.4-0.4.pre.fc8           fedora        
freetype1-devel.i386                    1.4-0.4.pre.fc8           fedora        
freetype1-utils.i386                    1.4-0.4.pre.fc8           fedora        
freeze.i386                             2.5.0-7.fc6               fedora        
fribidi.i386                            0.10.9-2.fc8              fedora        
fribidi-devel.i386                      0.10.9-2.fc8              fedora        
frotz.i386                              2.43-5.fc6                fedora        
frozen-bubble.i386                      2.1.0-9.fc8               updates-newkey
frozen-bubble-server.i386               2.1.0-9.fc8               updates-newkey
frysk.i386                              0.4-0.fc8                 updates-newkey
frysk-devel.i386                        0.4-0.fc8                 updates-newkey
frysk-gnome.i386                        0.4-0.fc8                 updates-newkey
fs_mark.i386                            3.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
fslint.noarch                           2.28-1.fc8                updates-newkey
fsvs.i386                               1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ftgl.i386                               2.1.2-6.fc8               fedora        
ftgl-devel.i386                         2.1.2-6.fc8               fedora        
ftgl-utils.i386                         2.1.2-6.fc8               fedora        
ftnchek.i386                            3.3.1-6.fc8               fedora        
ftnchek-emacs.i386                      3.3.1-6.fc8               fedora        
ftplib.i386                             3.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
ftplib-devel.i386                       3.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
func.noarch                             0.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
funionfs.i386                           0.4.3-1.fc8               fedora        
funtools.i386                           1.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
funtools-devel.i386                     1.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
funtools-libs.i386                      1.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
fuse-convmvfs.i386                      0.2.4-4.fc8               fedora        
fuse-devel.i386                         2.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fuse-emulator.i386                      0.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
fuse-emulator-utils.i386                0.9.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fuse-python.i386                        0.2-8.fc8                 updates-newkey
fuse-s3fs.noarch                        0.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
fuse-smb.i386                           0.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
fuse-zip.i386                           0.2.6-5.fc8               updates-newkey
fuseiso.i386                            20070708-4.fc8            updates-newkey
fusion-icon.noarch                      0.1.0-0.1.5e2dc9git.fc8   updates-newkey
fusion-icon-gtk.noarch                  0.1.0-0.1.5e2dc9git.fc8   updates-newkey
fusion-icon-qt.noarch                   0.1.0-0.1.5e2dc9git.fc8   updates-newkey
fvwm.i386                               2.5.24-2.fc8              updates-newkey
fwbackups.noarch                        1.43.2-2.fc8              updates-newkey
fwbuilder.i386                          2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
fwbuilder-ipf.i386                      2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
fwbuilder-ipfw.i386                     2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
fwbuilder-ipt.i386                      2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
fwbuilder-pf.i386                       2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
fwfstab.noarch                          0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
fwrestart.noarch                        1.05-1.fc8                fedora        
fxload.i386                             2002_04_11-6.fc8          updates-newkey
fyre.i386                               1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
g-wrap.i386                             1.9.9-5.fc8               updates-newkey
g-wrap-devel.i386                       1.9.9-5.fc8               updates-newkey
g2banking.i386                          2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
g2banking-devel.i386                    2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
g2clib-devel.i386                       1.0.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
g3data.i386                             1.5.1-7.fc8               fedora        
gabedit.i386                            2.1.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gadmin-squid.i386                       0.1.0-0.4.fc8             updates-newkey
gai.i386                                0.5.10-15.fc8             updates-newkey
gai-devel.i386                          0.5.10-15.fc8             updates-newkey
gai-pal.i386                            0.7-12.fc8                fedora        
gai-temp.i386                           0.1.1-8                   fedora        
gail.i386                               1.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gail-devel.i386                         1.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gajim.i386                              0.11.4-3.fc8              updates-newkey
galago-daemon.i386                      0.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
galculator.i386                         1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
galeon.i386                             2.0.4-7.fc8.3             updates-newkey
gallery2.noarch                         2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-ajaxian.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-albumselect.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-archiveupload.noarch           2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-captcha.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-carbon.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-cart.noarch                    2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-classic.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-colorpack.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-comment.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-customfield.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-dcraw.noarch                   2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-debug.noarch                   2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-digibug.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-dynamicalbum.noarch            2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-ecard.noarch                   2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-exif.noarch                    2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-ffmpeg.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-flashvideo.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-floatrix.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-fotokasten.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-gd.noarch                      2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-getid3.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-hidden.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-httpauth.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-hybrid.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-icons.noarch                   2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-imageblock.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-imageframe.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-imagemagick.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-itemadd.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-jpegtran.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-keyalbum.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-linkitem.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-matrix.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-members.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-migrate.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-mime.noarch                    2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-mp3audio.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-multilang.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-multiroot.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-netpbm.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-newitems.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-nokiaupload.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-notification.noarch            2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-panorama.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-password.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-permalinks.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-photoaccess.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-picasa.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-publishxp.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-quotas.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-randomhighlight.noarch         2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-rating.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-rearrange.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-register.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-remote.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-replica.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-reupload.noarch                2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-rewrite.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-rss.noarch                     2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-search.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-shutterfly.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-siriux.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-sitemap.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-sizelimit.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-slider.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-slideshow.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-slideshowapplet.noarch         2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-snapgalaxy.noarch              2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-squarethumb.noarch             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-thumbnail.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-thumbpage.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-tile.noarch                    2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-uploadapplet.noarch            2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-useralbum.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-watermark.noarch               2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-webcam.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-webdav.noarch                  2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gallery2-zipcart.noarch                 2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
galternatives.noarch                    0.13.4-4.fc7              fedora        
gamazons.i386                           0.83-3.fc8                updates-newkey
gambas-gb-compress.i386                 1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-db.i386                       1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-debug.i386                    1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-eval.i386                     1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-net.i386                      1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-net-curl.i386                 1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-qt.i386                       1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-qt-editor.i386                1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-qt-ext.i386                   1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-qt-kde.i386                   1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-qt-kde-html.i386              1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-sdl.i386                      1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-vb.i386                       1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-xml-libxml.i386               1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-xml-libxml-rpc.i386           1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-gb-xml-libxml-xslt.i386          1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-ide.i386                         1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambas-runtime.i386                     1.0.19-3.fc8              fedora        
gambit-c.i386                           4.2.8-6.fc8.1             updates-newkey
gambit-c-doc.i386                       4.2.8-6.fc8.1             updates-newkey
gambit-c-termite.i386                   4.2.8-6.fc8.1             updates-newkey
gambit-c-termite-doc.i386               4.2.8-6.fc8.1             updates-newkey
games-menus.noarch                      0.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
gamin-devel.i386                        0.1.9-4.fc8               fedora        
gammu.i386                              1.19.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gammu-devel.i386                        1.19.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gammu-libs.i386                         1.19.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ganglia.i386                            3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ganglia-devel.i386                      3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ganglia-gmetad.i386                     3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ganglia-gmond.i386                      3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ganglia-web.i386                        3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ganymed-ssh2.i386                       210-5.fc8                 fedora        
ganymed-ssh2-javadoc.i386               210-5.fc8                 fedora        
ganyremote.noarch                       5.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gaskpass.i386                           1.2-6.fc7                 fedora        
gauche.i386                             0.8.11-2.fc8              fedora        
gauche-devel.i386                       0.8.11-2.fc8              fedora        
gauche-gl.i386                          0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
gauche-gtk.i386                         0.4.1-16.fc8              fedora        
gazpacho.noarch                         0.7.2-2.fc8               fedora        
gbrainy.i386                            0.70-4.fc8                updates-newkey
gc.i386                                 7.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
gc-devel.i386                           7.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
gcalctool.i386                          5.20.2-1.fc8              fedora        
gcc.i386                                4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-c++.i386                            4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-gfortran.i386                       4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-gnat.i386                           4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-java.i386                           4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-objc.i386                           4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcc-objc++.i386                         4.1.2-33                  fedora        
gcdmaster.i386                          1.2.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gcfilms.noarch                          6.4-2.fc6                 fedora        
gchempaint.i386                         0.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcin.i386                               1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcl.i386                                2.6.7-15.fc8              fedora        
gcombust.i386                           1:0.1.55-12               fedora        
gcompris.i386                           8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-ar.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-cs.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-da.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-de.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-el.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-en.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-es.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-eu.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-fi.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-fr.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-hi.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-hu.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-id.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-it.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-mr.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-nb.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-nl.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-pt.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-ru.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-so.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-sr.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-sv.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gcompris-sound-tr.i386                  8.4.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gconf-cleaner.i386                      0.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
gconf-editor.i386                       2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gconfmm26.i386                          2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gconfmm26-devel.i386                    2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gcstar.noarch                           1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gd.i386                                 2.0.35-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gd-devel.i386                           2.0.35-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gd-progs.i386                           2.0.35-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gdal.i386                               1.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
gdal-devel.i386                         1.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
gdal-perl.i386                          1.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
gdal-python.i386                        1.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
gdb.i386                                6.6-45.fc8                updates-newkey
gdbm-devel.i386                         1.8.0-27.fc7              fedora        
gdeskcal.noarch                         1.01-1.fc7                fedora        
gdesklets.i386                          0.36.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gdesklets-calendar.noarch               0.60-1.fc8                updates-newkey
gdesklets-goodweather.noarch            0.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
gdesklets-quote-of-the-day.noarch       1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gdhcpd.i386                             0.3.2-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gdk-pixbuf.i386                         1:0.22.0-35.fc8           fedora        
gdk-pixbuf-devel.i386                   1:0.22.0-35.fc8           fedora        
gdl.i386                                0.9-0.pre6.fc8            updates-newkey
gdm.i386                                1:2.20.5-3.fc8            updates-newkey
gdm-extra-faces.i386                    1:2.20.5-3.fc8            updates-newkey
gdmap.i386                              0.7.5-6.fc6               fedora        
gdome2.i386                             0.8.1-5.2.fc7             fedora        
gdome2-devel.i386                       0.8.1-5.2.fc7             fedora        
gds2pov.i386                            0.20070815-1.fc8          fedora        
gds2pov-devel.i386                      0.20070815-1.fc8          fedora        
geant321.i386                           2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
geant321-g77.i386                       2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
geany.i386                              0.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
geany-devel.i386                        0.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
gecko-sharp2.i386                       0.12-5.fc8                fedora        
gecko-sharp2-devel.i386                 0.12-5.fc8                fedora        
geda-docs.noarch                        20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-examples.noarch                    20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-gattrib.i386                       20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-gnetlist.i386                      20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-gschem.i386                        20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-gsymcheck.i386                     20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-symbols.noarch                     20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
geda-utils.i386                         20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gedit.i386                              1:2.20.4-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gedit-devel.i386                        1:2.20.4-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gedit-latex-plugin.i386                 0.1.3.2-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gedit-plugins.i386                      2.22.3-2.fc8              updates-newkey
geekcode.i386                           1.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
geeqie.i386                             1.0-0.4.alpha1.fc8        updates-newkey
gegl.i386                               0.0.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gegl-devel.i386                         0.0.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gemdropx.i386                           0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
genchemlab.i386                         1.0-5.fc6                 fedora        
generic-logos.noarch                    8.0.2-1.fc8               fedora        
gengetopt.i386                          2.22.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
genisoimage.i386                        1.1.6-6.fc8               fedora        
genius.i386                             1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
genius-devel.i386                       1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
genromfs.i386                           0.5.1-3.2.2               fedora        
gentium-fonts.noarch                    1.02-5.fc7                fedora        
gentoo.i386                             0.11.56-5                 fedora        
geoclue.i386                            0.11.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
geoclue-devel.i386                      0.11.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
geoclue-gpsd.i386                       0.11.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
geoclue-gui.i386                        0.11.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
geoclue-gypsy.i386                      0.11.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
geomview.i386                           1.9.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
geomview-devel.i386                     1.9.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
geoqo.noarch                            0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
geos.i386                               2.2.3-1.fc7               fedora        
geos-devel.i386                         2.2.3-1.fc7               fedora        
gerbv.i386                              2.1.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gerbv-devel.i386                        2.1.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
geronimo-specs.i386                     1.0-0.M2.2jpp.12          fedora        
geronimo-specs-compat.i386              1.0-0.M2.2jpp.12          fedora        
getdata.i386                            0.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
getdata-devel.i386                      0.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
getmail.noarch                          4.8.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gettext-devel.i386                      0.16.1-12.fc8             fedora        
gettext-libs.i386                       0.16.1-12.fc8             fedora        
gfa.i386                                0.4.1-4.fc7               fedora        
gfeed.i386                              2.5.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gflags.i386                             0.9-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
gflags-devel.i386                       0.9-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
gforth.i386                             0.7.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gfs-artemisia-fonts.noarch              20070415-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-baskerville-fonts.noarch            20070327-3.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-bodoni-classic-fonts.noarch         20070415-2.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-bodoni-fonts.noarch                 20070415-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-complutum-fonts.noarch              20070413-3.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-didot-classic-fonts.noarch          20070415-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-didot-fonts.noarch                  20070616-2.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-gazis-fonts.noarch                  20070417-2.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-neohellenic-fonts.noarch            20070415-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-olga-fonts.noarch                   20060908-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-porson-fonts.noarch                 20060908-3.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-solomos-fonts.noarch                20071114-2.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs-theokritos-fonts.noarch             20070415-2.fc8            updates-newkey
gfs2-utils.i386                         2.03.00-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gftp.i386                               1:2.0.18-7.fc8            fedora        
gg2.i386                                2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-arts.i386                           2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-core.i386                           2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-devel.i386                          2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-dockapp.i386                        2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-esound.i386                         2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-gadu-gadu.i386                      2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-jabber.i386                         2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-libs.i386                           2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-systray.i386                        2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-tlen.i386                           2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gg2-xosd.i386                           2.3.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ggobi.i386                              2.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ggobi-devel.i386                        2.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ggz-client-libs.i386                    0.0.14-6.fc8              updates-newkey
ggz-client-libs-devel.i386              0.0.14-6.fc8              updates-newkey
ghasher.i386                            1.2.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ghc.i386                                6.8.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ghc-doc.i386                            6.8.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ghc-gtk2hs.i386                         0.9.12.1-6.fc8            updates-newkey
ghc661.i386                             6.6.1-3.fc7               fedora        
ghc661-gtk2hs.i386                      0.9.12-2.fc8              fedora        
ghc661-prof.i386                        6.6.1-3.fc7               fedora        
ghc682.i386                             6.8.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ghc682-gtk2hs.i386                      0.9.12.1-6.fc8            updates-newkey
ghc682-prof.i386                        6.8.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ghdl.i386                               0.27-0.110svn.4.fc8       updates-newkey
ghdl-grt.i386                           0.27-0.110svn.4.fc8       updates-newkey
ghex.i386                               2.20.0-1                  fedora        
ghex-devel.i386                         2.20.0-1                  fedora        
ghost-diagrams.noarch                   0.8-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ghostscript.i386                        8.63-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ghostscript-devel.i386                  8.63-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ghostscript-fonts.noarch                5.50-18.fc8               fedora        
ghostscript-gtk.i386                    8.63-1.fc8                updates-newkey
giblib.i386                             1.2.4-10                  fedora        
giblib-devel.i386                       1.2.4-10                  fedora        
gif2png.i386                            2.5.1-3.fc6               fedora        
giflib.i386                             4.1.3-8                   fedora        
giflib-devel.i386                       4.1.3-8                   fedora        
giflib-utils.i386                       4.1.3-8                   fedora        
gifsicle.i386                           1.48-3.fc8                fedora        
gift.i386                               0.11.8.1-9.fc8            fedora        
gift-devel.i386                         0.11.8.1-9.fc8            fedora        
gift-gnutella.i386                      0.0.11-4.fc8              fedora        
gift-openft.i386                        0.2.1.6-11.fc8            fedora        
gifview.i386                            1.48-3.fc8                fedora        
giggle.i386                             0.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gimmage.i386                            0.2.3-1.fc8               fedora        
gimmie.i386                             0.2.7-2.fc8               fedora        
gimmix.i386                             0.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gimp.i386                               2:2.4.7-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gimp-devel.i386                         2:2.4.7-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gimp-help.noarch                        2.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gimp-libs.i386                          2:2.4.7-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gimp-lqr-plugin.i386                    0.4.0.4-2.fc8             updates-newkey
gimp-resynthesizer.i386                 0.15-2.fc8                fedora        
ginac.i386                              1.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
ginac-devel.i386                        1.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
ginac-utils.i386                        1.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
git.i386                                1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-arch.i386                           1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-core.i386                           1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-cvs.i386                            1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-daemon.i386                         1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-email.i386                          1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-gui.i386                            1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
git-svn.i386                            1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gitk.i386                               1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gitweb.i386                             1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
gjots2.noarch                           2.3.4-7.fc7               fedora        
gkrellm.i386                            2.3.0-4.fc8               fedora        
gkrellm-aclock.i386                     0.3.4-4                   fedora        
gkrellm-daemon.i386                     2.3.0-4.fc8               fedora        
gkrellm-devel.i386                      2.3.0-4.fc8               fedora        
gkrellm-freq.i386                       1.0-7.fc8                 fedora        
gkrellm-moon.i386                       0.6-5                     fedora        
gkrellm-sun.i386                        1.0.0-5                   fedora        
gkrellm-timestamp.i386                  0.1.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gkrellm-top.i386                        2.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gkrellm-volume.i386                     2.1.13-6.fc8              fedora        
gkrellm-weather.i386                    2.0.7-4.fc8               fedora        
gkrellm-wifi.i386                       0.9.12-6.fc8              fedora        
gl-117.i386                             1.3.2-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gl2ps.i386                              1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gl2ps-devel.i386                        1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glabels.i386                            2.2.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glabels-devel.i386                      2.2.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glabels-doc.i386                        2.2.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glabels-libs.i386                       2.2.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glade2.i386                             2.12.1-10.fc8             fedora        
glade3.i386                             3.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glade3-libgladeui.i386                  3.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glade3-libgladeui-devel.i386            3.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glaxium.i386                            0.5-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
gle.i386                                4.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glest.i386                              3.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glest-data.noarch                       3.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glew.i386                               1.4.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
glew-devel.i386                         1.4.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
glglobe.i386                            0.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
glib.i386                               1:1.2.10-28.fc8           fedora        
glib-devel.i386                         1:1.2.10-28.fc8           fedora        
glib-java.i386                          0.2.6-10.fc8              updates-newkey
glib-java-devel.i386                    0.2.6-10.fc8              updates-newkey
glib2-devel.i386                        2.14.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
glib2-static.i386                       2.14.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
glibc.i386                              2.7-2                     fedora        
glibc-devel.i386                        2.7-2                     fedora        
glibc-utils.i386                        2.7-2                     fedora        
glibmm24.i386                           2.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
glibmm24-devel.i386                     2.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
glimmer.i386                            3.02-2.fc8                fedora        
glipper.i386                            0.95.1-2.fc7              fedora        
glitz.i386                              0.5.6-5.fc7               fedora        
glitz-devel.i386                        0.5.6-5.fc7               fedora        
glitz-glx.i386                          0.5.6-5.fc7               fedora        
glitz-glx-devel.i386                    0.5.6-5.fc7               fedora        
gliv.i386                               1.9.6-2.fc7               fedora        
glob2.i386                              0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
global.i386                             5.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glom.i386                               1.6.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
glpi.noarch                             0.71.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
glpi-data-injection.noarch              1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
glpi-mass-ocs-import.noarch             1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
glpi-pdf.noarch                         0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
glpk.i386                               4.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
glpk-devel.i386                         4.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
glpk-static.i386                        4.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
glpk-utils.i386                         4.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
glump.noarch                            0.9.11-3.fc8              fedora        
glunarclock.i386                        0.32.4-10.fc8             fedora        
glusterfs-client.i386                   1.3.8-0.7.fc8             updates-newkey
glusterfs-devel.i386                    1.3.8-0.7.fc8             updates-newkey
glusterfs-libs.i386                     1.3.8-0.7.fc8             updates-newkey
glusterfs-server.i386                   1.3.8-0.7.fc8             updates-newkey
glx-utils.i386                          7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
glyph-keeper.i386                       0.32-3.fc8                fedora        
glyph-keeper-devel.i386                 0.32-3.fc8                fedora        
gmediaserver.i386                       0.13.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gmfsk.i386                              0.7-0.5.pre1.fc8          updates-newkey
gmime.i386                              2.2.10-5.fc8              fedora        
gmime-devel.i386                        2.2.10-5.fc8              fedora        
gmime-sharp.i386                        2.2.10-5.fc8              fedora        
gmm-devel.noarch                        3.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
gmp-devel.i386                          4.2.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gmpc.i386                               0.15.5.0-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gmpc-devel.i386                         0.15.5.0-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gmrun.i386                              0.9.2-12.fc8              updates-newkey
gmyth.i386                              0.4-5.fc8                 fedora        
gmyth-devel.i386                        0.4-5.fc8                 fedora        
gnash.i386                              0.8.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnash-cygnal.i386                       0.8.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnash-klash.i386                        0.8.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnash-plugin.i386                       0.8.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnet2.i386                              2.0.7-10.fc8              fedora        
gnet2-devel.i386                        2.0.7-10.fc8              fedora        
gnochm.noarch                           0.9.10-1.fc8              fedora        
gnofract4d.i386                         3.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnokii.i386                             0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gnokii-devel.i386                       0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gnokii-smsd.i386                        0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gnokii-smsd-mysql.i386                  0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gnokii-smsd-pgsql.i386                  0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gnomad2.i386                            2.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-applet-jalali-calendar.noarch     1.6.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-applet-music.i386                 2.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-applet-netspeed.i386              0.15.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-applet-sensors.i386               1.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
gnome-applet-sshmenu.noarch             3.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
gnome-applet-timer.i386                 1.3.3-2.fc8               fedora        
gnome-applet-tvn24.i386                 0.2.8-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
gnome-applet-vm.i386                    0.1.2-2.fc7               fedora        
gnome-applets.i386                      1:2.20.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gnome-applets-devel.i386                1:2.20.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gnome-audio.noarch                      2.0.0-4                   fedora        
gnome-audio-extra.noarch                2.0.0-4                   fedora        
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-blog.noarch                       0.9.1-5.fc7               fedora        
gnome-bluetooth.i386                    0.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-bluetooth-devel.i386              0.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-bluetooth-libs.i386               0.10.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-build.i386                        0.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-build-devel.i386                  0.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-chemistry-utils.i386              0.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-chemistry-utils-devel.i386        0.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-chemistry-utils-mozplugin.i386    0.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-commander.i386                    1.2.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-common.noarch                     2.18.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-compiz-manager.i386               0.10.4-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-compiz-manager-devel.i386         0.10.4-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-desktop.i386                      2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-desktop-devel.i386                2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-do.i386                           0.4.2.0-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-do-devel.i386                     0.4.2.0-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-doc-utils.noarch                  0.12.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-doc-utils-stylesheets.noarch      0.12.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-games.i386                        1:2.20.3-1.fc8            updates-newkey
gnome-games-extra-data.noarch           2.20.0-1                  fedora        
gnome-genius.i386                       1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-hearts.i386                       0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                 2.20.0-2.fc8              fedora        
gnome-keyring.i386                      2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-keyring-devel.i386                2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-keyring-manager.i386              2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-keyring-pam.i386                  2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-keyring-sharp.i386                1.0.0-0.2.87622svn.fc8    updates-newkey
gnome-keyring-sharp-devel.i386          1.0.0-0.2.87622svn.fc8    updates-newkey
gnome-keyring-sharp-doc.i386            1.0.0-0.2.87622svn.fc8    updates-newkey
gnome-launch-box.i386                   0.4-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-libs.i386                         1:1.4.2-9.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-libs-devel.i386                   1:1.4.2-9.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-mag.i386                          0.14.10-1.fc8             fedora        
gnome-mag-devel.i386                    0.14.10-1.fc8             fedora        
gnome-media.i386                        2.20.1-3.fc8              fedora        
gnome-media-devel.i386                  2.20.1-3.fc8              fedora        
gnome-menus.i386                        2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-menus-devel.i386                  2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-mount.i386                        0.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
gnome-mount-devel.i386                  0.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
gnome-mount-nautilus-properties.i386    0.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
gnome-netstatus.i386                    2.12.1-1.fc7              fedora        
gnome-nettool.i386                      2.20.0-2.fc8              fedora        
gnome-panel.i386                        2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-panel-devel.i386                  2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-password-generator.noarch         1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-phone-manager.i386                0.40-2.fc8                updates-newkey
gnome-phone-manager-telepathy.i386      0.40-2.fc8                updates-newkey
gnome-pilot.i386                        2.0.15-10.fc8             fedora        
gnome-pilot-conduits.i386               2.0.15-4.fc8              fedora        
gnome-pilot-devel.i386                  2.0.15-10.fc8             fedora        
gnome-power-manager.i386                2.20.0-6.fc8              fedora        
gnome-ppp.i386                          0.3.23-4.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2.i386                      2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-applet.i386               2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-bonobo.i386               2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-bugbuddy.i386             2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-canvas.i386               2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-desktop.i386              2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-devel.i386                2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-extras.i386               2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gconf.i386                2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gda.i386                  2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gda-devel.i386            2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gdl.i386                  2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gnomedesktop.i386         2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-gnomekeyring.i386         2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-gnomeprint.i386           2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-gnomevfs.i386             2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gtkhtml2.i386             2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gtkmozembed.i386          2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-gtksourceview.i386        2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-gtkspell.i386             2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-libegg.i386               2.19.1-20.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-python2-libgtop2.i386             2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-libwnck.i386              2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-metacity.i386             2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-nautilus-cd-burner.i386   2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-rsvg.i386                 2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-python2-totem.i386                2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-scan.i386                         0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-scan-devel.i386                   0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-scan-libs.i386                    0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-schedule.noarch                   2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnome-screensaver.i386                  2.20.0-12.fc8             updates-newkey
gnome-screensaver-frogs.noarch          0.2-5                     fedora        
gnome-session.i386                      2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-sharp.i386                        2.16.0-5.fc8              fedora        
gnome-sharp-devel.i386                  2.16.0-5.fc8              fedora        
gnome-specimen.noarch                   0.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
gnome-speech.i386                       0.4.16-2.fc8              fedora        
gnome-speech-devel.i386                 0.4.16-2.fc8              fedora        
gnome-speech-espeak.i386                0.4.16-2.fc8              fedora        
gnome-spell.i386                        1.0.8-1.fc8               fedora        
gnome-subtitles.i386                    0.8-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-system-monitor.i386               2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-terminal.i386                     2.18.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-theme-clearlooks-bigpack.noarch   0.6-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-theme-curvylooks.noarch           0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-themes.noarch                     2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-themes-extras.noarch              2.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
gnome-translate.i386                    0.99-11.fc7               fedora        
gnome-user-docs.noarch                  2.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-user-share.i386                   0.11-9.fc8                fedora        
gnome-utils.i386                        1:2.20.0.1-3.fc8          updates-newkey
gnome-utils-devel.i386                  1:2.20.0.1-3.fc8          updates-newkey
gnome-valgrind-session.noarch           1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnome-vfs2.i386                         2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-vfs2-devel.i386                   2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-vfs2-monikers.i386                2.15.3-4.fc8              fedora        
gnome-vfs2-obexftp.i386                 0.4-2.fc8                 fedora        
gnome-vfs2-smb.i386                     2.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gnome-vfsmm26.i386                      2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-vfsmm26-devel.i386                2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
gnome-volume-manager.i386               2.17.0-8.fc8              fedora        
gnome-web-photo.i386                    0.3-15.fc8                updates-newkey
gnomebaker.i386                         0.6.2-2.fc8               fedora        
gnomecatalog.noarch                     0.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gnomeradio.i386                         1.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gnomescan.i386                          0.4.0.2-1.fc7             fedora        
gnomescan-devel.i386                    0.4.0.2-1.fc7             fedora        
gnomesword.i386                         2.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnonlin.i386                            0.10.9-2.fc8              fedora        
gnotime.i386                            2.2.3-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
gnu-efi.i386                            3.0c-2.fc8                fedora        
gnu-getopt.i386                         1.0.12-3jpp.1             fedora        
gnu-getopt-javadoc.i386                 1.0.12-3jpp.1             fedora        
gnu-regexp.noarch                       1.1.4-10jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
gnu-regexp-demo.noarch                  1.1.4-10jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
gnu-regexp-javadoc.noarch               1.1.4-10jpp.3.fc8         fedora        
gnu-smalltalk.i386                      2.3.6-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gnu-smalltalk-devel.i386                2.3.6-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gnu-smalltalk-emacs.i386                2.3.6-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gnubg.i386                              20061119-13.fc8           fedora        
gnubiff.i386                            2.2.7-2.fc8               fedora        
gnucap.i386                             0.35-2.fc8                fedora        
gnucash.i386                            2.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnucash-docs.noarch                     2.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
gnuchess.i386                           5.07-10.fc6               fedora        
gnue-common.noarch                      0.6.9-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gnugo.i386                              3.6-5.fc6                 fedora        
gnumeric.i386                           1:1.6.3-15.fc8            updates-newkey
gnumeric-devel.i386                     1:1.6.3-15.fc8            updates-newkey
gnuplot.i386                            4.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnuplot-emacs.i386                      4.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gnuradio.i386                           3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnuradio-devel.i386                     3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnuradio-doc.i386                       3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnuradio-examples.i386                  3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
gnustep-make.i386                       2.0.6-12.fc8              updates-newkey
gnutls-devel.i386                       1.6.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
gnutls-utils.i386                       1.6.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
gob2.i386                               2.0.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gobby.i386                              0.4.5-1.fc8               fedora        
gocr.i386                               0.44-3.fc8                fedora        
goffice.i386                            0.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
goffice-devel.i386                      0.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
goffice04.i386                          0.4.3-1.fc8               fedora        
goffice04-devel.i386                    0.4.3-1.fc8               fedora        
gok.i386                                1.3.7-1.fc8               fedora        
gok-devel.i386                          1.3.7-1.fc8               fedora        
gonvert.noarch                          0.2.19-1.fc8              fedora        
goocanvas.i386                          0.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
goocanvas-devel.i386                    0.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
goocanvasmm.i386                        0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
goocanvasmm-devel.i386                  0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
google-perftools.i386                   0.99.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
google-perftools-devel.i386             0.99.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gossip.i386                             0.28-1.fc8                updates-newkey
gourmet.noarch                          0.13.4-1.fc8              fedora        
gpa.i386                                0.7.6-3.fc8               fedora        
gpar2.i386                              0.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
gpart.i386                              0.1h-7.fc8                fedora        
gparted.i386                            0.3.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gperf.i386                              3.0.3-2.fc8               fedora        
gperiodic.i386                          2.0.10-2.fc8              fedora        
gpgme-devel.i386                        1.1.5-4.fc8               fedora        
gphoto2.i386                            2.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gphoto2-devel.i386                      2.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gphpedit.i386                           0.9.91-3.fc6              fedora        
gpicview.i386                           0.1.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gpixpod.i386                            0.6.2-2.fc8               fedora        
gpm-devel.i386                          1.20.1-89.fc8             fedora        
gpodder.noarch                          0.10.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gpp.i386                                0.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
gpredict.i386                           0.9.0-1.fc8               fedora        
gprolog.i386                            1.3.0-17.fc8              updates-newkey
gprolog-docs.i386                       1.3.0-17.fc8              updates-newkey
gprolog-examples.i386                   1.3.0-17.fc8              updates-newkey
gpsbabel.i386                           1.3.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gpsd.i386                               2.37-2.fc8                updates-newkey
gpsd-clients.i386                       2.37-2.fc8                updates-newkey
gpsd-devel.i386                         2.37-2.fc8                updates-newkey
gpsdrive.i386                           2.09-5.fc8                updates-newkey
gpsim.i386                              0.22.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
gpsim-devel.i386                        0.22.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
gpsk31.i386                             0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gpsman.noarch                           6.3.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gputils.i386                            0.13.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gq.i386                                 1.2.2-7.fc8               fedora        
gquilt.noarch                           0.20-1.fc7                fedora        
gqview.i386                             2.0.4-5                   fedora        
grace.i386                              5.1.21-4.fc8              fedora        
grace-devel.i386                        5.1.21-4.fc8              fedora        
grads.i386                              1.9b4-21.fc8              fedora        
gramps.noarch                           2.2.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
granule.i386                            1.4.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
graphviz.i386                           2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-devel.i386                     2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-doc.i386                       2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-gd.i386                        2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-graphs.i386                    2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-guile.i386                     2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-java.i386                      2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-lua.i386                       2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-ocaml.i386                     2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-perl.i386                      2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-php.i386                       2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-python.i386                    2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-ruby.i386                      2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-sharp.i386                     2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
graphviz-tcl.i386                       2.14.1-3.fc8              fedora        
grass.i386                              6.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
grass-devel.i386                        6.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
grass-libs.i386                         6.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
grc.noarch                              0.70-3.fc8                updates-newkey
grepmail.noarch                         5.3033-3.fc7              fedora        
gresistor.noarch                        0.0.1-11.fc8              fedora        
gresolver.noarch                        0.0.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
greylistd.noarch                        0.8.7-10.fc8              updates-newkey
grhino.i386                             0.16.0-2.fc8              fedora        
gridengine.i386                         6.1u3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gridengine-devel.i386                   6.1u3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gridengine-execd.i386                   6.1u3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gridengine-qmaster.i386                 6.1u3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gridengine-qmon.i386                    6.1u3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gridloc.i386                            0.6-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
grig.i386                               0.7.2-3.fc8               fedora        
grip.i386                               1:3.2.0-25.fc8            updates-newkey
grisbi.i386                             0.5.9-4.fc8               fedora        
griv.i386                               0.1.9-5.fc8               updates-newkey
groff-gxditview.i386                    1.18.1.4-11.fc8           updates-newkey
groff-perl.i386                         1.18.1.4-11.fc8           updates-newkey
gromacs.i386                            4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-bash.i386                       4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-common.i386                     4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-csh.i386                        4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-devel.i386                      4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-libs.i386                       4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-mpi.i386                        4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-mpi-devel.i386                  4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-mpi-libs.i386                   4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-tutor.i386                      4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gromacs-zsh.i386                        4.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
grsync.i386                             0.6.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
grub.i386                               0.97-33.1.fc8             updates-newkey
gscan2pdf.noarch                        0.9.23-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gsf-sharp.i386                          0.8.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gsf-sharp-devel.i386                    0.8.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gshutdown.i386                          0.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
gsl.i386                                1.10-5.fc8                updates-newkey
gsl-devel.i386                          1.10-5.fc8                updates-newkey
gsm.i386                                1.0.12-5.fc8              fedora        
gsm-devel.i386                          1.0.12-5.fc8              fedora        
gsm-tools.i386                          1.0.12-5.fc8              fedora        
gsoap.i386                              2.7.10-4.fc8              updates-newkey
gsoap-devel.i386                        2.7.10-4.fc8              updates-newkey
gspiceui.i386                           0.9.65-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gst-inspector.noarch                    0.3-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
gstm.i386                               1.2-6.fc7                 fedora        
gstream.i386                            1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gstream-devel.i386                      1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
gstreamer.i386                          0.10.15-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gstreamer-devel.i386                    0.10.15-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gstreamer-plugins-base.i386             0.10.15-4.fc8             updates-newkey
gstreamer-plugins-base-devel.i386       0.10.15-4.fc8             updates-newkey
gstreamer-plugins-farsight.i386         0.12.5-1.fc8              fedora        
gstreamer-plugins-good.i386             0.10.6-7.fc8              updates-newkey
gstreamer-plugins-good-devel.i386       0.10.6-7.fc8              updates-newkey
gstreamer-plugins-pulse.i386            0.9.5-0.4.svn20070924.fc8 fedora        
gstreamer-plugins-schroedinger.i386     0.9.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gstreamer-python.i386                   0.10.11-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gstreamer-tools.i386                    0.10.15-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gsynaptics.i386                         0.9.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gt.i386                                 0.4-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
gt5.noarch                              1.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gtest.i386                              1.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtest-devel.i386                        1.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gthumb.i386                             2.10.8-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk+.i386                               1:1.2.10-59.fc8           fedora        
gtk+-devel.i386                         1:1.2.10-59.fc8           fedora        
gtk+extra.i386                          2.1.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk+extra-devel.i386                    2.1.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-doc.noarch                          1.9-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
gtk-gnutella.i386                       0.96.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk-murrine-engine.i386                 0.52-1.fc7                fedora        
gtk-nodoka-engine.i386                  0.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-qt-engine.i386                      1:0.8-6.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-recordmydesktop.noarch              0.3.7.2-2.fc8             updates-newkey
gtk-rezlooks-engine.i386                0.6-5.fc8                 fedora        
gtk-sharp.i386                          1.0.10-12.fc7             fedora        
gtk-sharp-devel.i386                    1.0.10-12.fc7             fedora        
gtk-sharp-gapi.i386                     1.0.10-12.fc7             fedora        
gtk-sharp-gapi-devel.i386               1.0.10-12.fc7             fedora        
gtk-sharp2.i386                         2.10.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk-sharp2-devel.i386                   2.10.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk-sharp2-doc.i386                     2.10.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk-sharp2-gapi.i386                    2.10.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk-vnc.i386                            0.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-vnc-devel.i386                      0.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-vnc-python.i386                     0.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk-xfce-engine.i386                    2.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtk2.i386                               2.12.8-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk2-devel.i386                         2.12.8-2.fc8              updates-newkey
gtk2-engines.i386                       2.12.2-1.fc8              fedora        
gtk2hs-doc.i386                         0.9.12.1-6.fc8            updates-newkey
gtkdatabox.i386                         0.8.2.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gtkdatabox-devel.i386                   0.8.2.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gtkglarea2.i386                         1.99.0-7.fc6              fedora        
gtkglarea2-devel.i386                   1.99.0-7.fc6              fedora        
gtkglext-devel.i386                     1.2.0-5.fc8               fedora        
gtkglext-libs.i386                      1.2.0-5.fc8               fedora        
gtkglextmm.i386                         1.2.0-5.fc6               fedora        
gtkglextmm-devel.i386                   1.2.0-5.fc6               fedora        
gtkhtml2.i386                           2.11.1-2.fc8              fedora        
gtkhtml2-devel.i386                     2.11.1-2.fc8              fedora        
gtkhtml3.i386                           3.16.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkhtml3-devel.i386                     3.16.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkhtml38.i386                          3.12.3-6.fc8              fedora        
gtkhtml38-devel.i386                    3.12.3-6.fc8              fedora        
gtkimageview.i386                       1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtkimageview-devel.i386                 1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtklp.i386                              1.2.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
gtkmathview.i386                        0.7.6-5.fc6               fedora        
gtkmathview-devel.i386                  0.7.6-5.fc6               fedora        
gtkmm24.i386                            2.12.7-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkmm24-devel.i386                      2.12.7-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkmm24-docs.i386                       2.12.7-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkmozembedmm.i386                      1.4.2.cvs20060817-23.fc8  updates-newkey
gtkmozembedmm-devel.i386                1.4.2.cvs20060817-23.fc8  updates-newkey
gtkperf.i386                            0.40-7.fc8                updates-newkey
gtkpod.i386                             0.99.12-1.fc8             updates-newkey
gtksourceview.i386                      1:1.8.5-3.fc8             fedora        
gtksourceview-devel.i386                1:1.8.5-3.fc8             fedora        
gtksourceview-sharp.i386                2.0-25.fc7                fedora        
gtksourceview-sharp-devel.i386          2.0-25.fc7                fedora        
gtksourceview2.i386                     2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtksourceview2-devel.i386               2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gtkspell.i386                           2.0.11-4.fc8              fedora        
gtkspell-devel.i386                     2.0.11-4.fc8              fedora        
gtkterm.i386                            0.99.5-8.fc8              updates-newkey
gtkwave.i386                            3.1.12-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gtorrentviewer.i386                     0.2b-14.fc8               fedora        
gtranslator.i386                        1.1.7-7.fc8               updates-newkey
gts.i386                                0.7.6-11.fc8              updates-newkey
gts-devel.i386                          0.7.6-11.fc8              updates-newkey
gtweakui.i386                           0.4.0-5                   fedora        
gtypist.i386                            2.7-5.fc8                 fedora        
guake.i386                              0.3.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
gucharmap.i386                          1.10.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gucharmap-devel.i386                    1.10.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
guichan.i386                            0.7.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
guichan-devel.i386                      0.7.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
guile.i386                              5:1.8.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
guile-cairo.i386                        1.4.0-4.fc7               fedora        
guile-cairo-devel.i386                  1.4.0-4.fc7               fedora        
guile-devel.i386                        5:1.8.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
guile-gnome-platform.i386               2.15.93-6.fc8             fedora        
guile-gnome-platform-devel.i386         2.15.93-6.fc8             fedora        
guile-lib.noarch                        0.1.4-4.fc8               fedora        
guilt.noarch                            0.30-1.fc8                updates-newkey
guitone.i386                            0.9_1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gurlchecker.i386                        0.10.1-5.fc8.1            updates-newkey
gutenprint.i386                         5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gutenprint-cups.i386                    5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gutenprint-devel.i386                   5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gutenprint-extras.i386                  5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gutenprint-foomatic.i386                5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gutenprint-plugin.i386                  5.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gv.i386                                 3.6.3-2.fc8               fedora        
gwave.i386                              2-11.20070514snap.fc8     updates-newkey
gweled.i386                             0.7-9.1                   fedora        
gwenhywfar.i386                         2.6.1-2.fc8               fedora        
gwenhywfar-devel.i386                   2.6.1-2.fc8               fedora        
gwenview.i386                           1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
gwget.i386                              0.99-3.fc8                fedora        
gwget-epiphany-extension.i386           0.99-3.fc8                fedora        
gxemul.i386                             0.4.6-3.fc8.1             fedora        
gxine.i386                              0.5.11-14.fc8             updates-newkey
gxine-mozplugin.i386                    0.5.11-14.fc8             updates-newkey
gyachi.i386                             1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-YMlike-theme.i386                1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-pidgy-theme.i386                 1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-alsa.i386                 1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-blowfish.i386             1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-gpgme.i386                1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-gtkspell.i386             1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-libnotify.i386            1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-mcrypt.i386               1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio.i386           1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gyachi-recre8-theme.i386                1.1.61-1.fc8              updates-newkey
gypsy.i386                              0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
gypsy-devel.i386                        0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
hackedbox.i386                          0.8.5-3.fc8               fedora        
haddock.i386                            0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
hal-cups-utils.i386                     0.6.13-2.fc8              fedora        
hal-devel.i386                          0.5.10-5.fc8              updates-newkey
hal-docs.i386                           0.5.10-5.fc8              updates-newkey
halberd.noarch                          0.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
halevt.i386                             0.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib.i386                             1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-c++.i386                         1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-c++-devel.i386                   1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-devel.i386                       1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-doc.i386                         1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-perl.i386                        1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-python.i386                      1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hamlib-tcl.i386                         1.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
hanazono-fonts.noarch                   20081012-5.fc8            updates-newkey
happy.i386                              1.16-2.fc7                fedora        
haproxy.i386                            1.3.15.6-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hardinfo.i386                           0.4.2.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
hardlink.i386                           1:1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
harminv.i386                            1.3.1-9.fc8               fedora        
harminv-devel.i386                      1.3.1-9.fc8               fedora        
hatari.i386                             1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hawknl.i386                             1.68-2.fc8                fedora        
hawknl-devel.i386                       1.68-2.fc8                fedora        
hddtemp.i386                            0.3-0.14.beta15.fc8       fedora        
hdf.i386                                4.2r2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
hdf-devel.i386                          4.2r2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
hdf5.i386                               1.6.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hdf5-devel.i386                         1.6.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hdhomerun.i386                          0.0-0.4.20070716.fc8      fedora        
hdparm.i386                             7.7-1.fc8                 fedora        
hdrprep.noarch                          0.1.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
heartbeat.i386                          2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
heartbeat-devel.i386                    2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
heartbeat-gui.i386                      2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hedgewars.i386                          0.9.0-3.fc8               fedora        
hellanzb.noarch                         0.13-6.fc8                updates-newkey
help2man.noarch                         1.36.4-1.fc6              fedora        
hercules.i386                           3.05-7.20081009cvs.fc8    updates-newkey
hesinfo.i386                            3.1.0-2                   fedora        
hesiod-devel.i386                       3.1.0-9                   fedora        
hevea.i386                              1.09-3.fc8                fedora        
hexedit.i386                            1.2.12-6.fc8              fedora        
hexter-dssi.i386                        0.6.1-1.fc7               fedora        
hfsplus-tools.i386                      332.14-4.fc7              fedora        
hfsplusutils.i386                       1.0.4-11.fc8              fedora        
hfsutils.i386                           3.2.6-11.fc8              fedora        
hfsutils-devel.i386                     3.2.6-11.fc8              fedora        
hfsutils-x11.i386                       3.2.6-11.fc8              fedora        
hgsvn.noarch                            0.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
highlight.i386                          2.6.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
higlayout.i386                          1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
higlayout-javadoc.i386                  1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
hippo-canvas.i386                       0.2.25-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hippo-canvas-devel.i386                 0.2.25-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hippo-canvas-python.i386                0.2.25-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hmmer.i386                              2.3.2-7.fc8               fedora        
hnb.i386                                1.9.18-4.fc8              fedora        
homebank.i386                           4.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
homebank-doc.i386                       4.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
horde.noarch                            3.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
horde-enhanced.noarch                   3.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hotwire.noarch                          0.710-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hpic.i386                               0.52.2-4.fc8              fedora        
hpic-devel.i386                         0.52.2-4.fc8              fedora        
hpijs.i386                              1:2.8.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
hping3.i386                             0.0.20051105-8.fc8        updates-newkey
hplip.i386                              2.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hplip-gui.i386                          2.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
hspell.i386                             1.0-7.fc8                 fedora        
hspell-devel.i386                       1.0-7.fc8                 fedora        
hsqldb.i386                             1:1.8.0.8-1jpp.5.fc8      updates-newkey
hsqldb-demo.i386                        1:1.8.0.8-1jpp.5.fc8      updates-newkey
hsqldb-javadoc.i386                     1:1.8.0.8-1jpp.5.fc8      updates-newkey
hsqldb-manual.i386                      1:1.8.0.8-1jpp.5.fc8      updates-newkey
ht.i386                                 2.0.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ht2html.noarch                          2.0-5.fc6                 fedora        
htdig.i386                              3:3.2.0b6-13.fc8          updates-newkey
htdig-web.i386                          3:3.2.0b6-13.fc8          updates-newkey
html-xml-utils.i386                     3.7-4.fc6                 fedora        
html2ps.noarch                          1.0-0.1.b5.fc8.1          updates-newkey
html401-dtds.noarch                     4.01-19991224.5           fedora        
htmldoc.i386                            1.8.27-3.fc8              fedora        
htmlparser.noarch                       1.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
htmlparser-javadoc.noarch               1.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
htmlview.noarch                         4.0.0-3.fc7               fedora        
htop.i386                               0.8.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
http_ping.i386                          20050629-5.fc8            fedora        
httpd-devel.i386                        2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
httpd-manual.i386                       2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
httperf.i386                            0.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
httptunnel.i386                         3.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
httpunit.noarch                         1.6.2-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
httpunit-demo.noarch                    1.6.2-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
httpunit-doc.noarch                     1.6.2-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
httpunit-javadoc.noarch                 1.6.2-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
httrack.i386                            3.42.93-1.fc8             updates-newkey
httrack-devel.i386                      3.42.93-1.fc8             updates-newkey
hugin.i386                              0.6.1-11.fc8              updates-newkey
hugs98.i386                             2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-alut.i386                        2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-demos.i386                       2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-glut.i386                        2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-hgl.i386                         2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-openal.i386                      2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-opengl.i386                      2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hugs98-x11.i386                         2006.09-3.fc7             fedora        
hunky-fonts.noarch                      0.3.1-4.fc6               fedora        
hunspell.i386                           1.1.12.2-2.fc8            fedora        
hunspell-af.noarch                      0.20060117-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-ar.noarch                      0.20060208-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-bg.noarch                      4.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
hunspell-bn.noarch                      20050726-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-ca.noarch                      0.20060508-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-cs.i386                        20060303-5.fc7            fedora        
hunspell-cy.noarch                      0.20040425-2.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-da.noarch                      1.7.16-1.fc8              fedora        
hunspell-de.noarch                      0.20070829-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-devel.i386                     1.1.12.2-2.fc8            fedora        
hunspell-ee.noarch                      0.20030602-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-el.noarch                      1:0.7-1.fc8               fedora        
hunspell-en.noarch                      0.20061130-3.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-es.noarch                      0.20051031-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-fr.noarch                      0.20060915-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-ga.noarch                      4.2-1.fc8                 fedora        
hunspell-gl.noarch                      0.20070802-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-he.i386                        1.0-7.fc8                 fedora        
hunspell-hi.noarch                      20050726-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-hr.noarch                      1:0.20040608-1.fc8        fedora        
hunspell-hu.noarch                      1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
hunspell-it.noarch                      2.4-0.1.20070901.fc8      fedora        
hunspell-lt.noarch                      1.1-1.20070510cvs.fc8     fedora        
hunspell-mr.noarch                      20060920-1.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-ms.noarch                      0.20050117-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-nb.noarch                      0.20060508-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-nl.noarch                      1.00g-1.fc8               fedora        
hunspell-nn.noarch                      0.20060508-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-or.noarch                      20050726-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-pa.noarch                      20050726-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-pl.noarch                      0.20071004-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-pt.noarch                      0.20071003-1.fc8          fedora        
hunspell-ru.noarch                      1:0.99f7-1.fc8            fedora        
hunspell-sk.noarch                      1:0.5.6-1.fc8             fedora        
hunspell-sl.noarch                      0.20070127-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-sv.noarch                      1.22-1.fc8                fedora        
hunspell-ta.noarch                      20060222-2.fc8            updates-newkey
hunspell-th.noarch                      0.20061212-1.fc7          fedora        
hunspell-zu.noarch                      0.20060120-1.fc7          fedora        
hunt.i386                               1.5-6.fc6                 fedora        
hwbrowser.noarch                        0.40-1.fc8                fedora        
hydrogen.i386                           0.9.3-9.fc8               fedora        
hyperestraier.i386                      1.4.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hyperestraier-devel.i386                1.4.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hyperestraier-java.i386                 1.4.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
hyperestraier-perl.i386                 1.4.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
i8kutils.i386                           1.25-13                   fedora        
iasl.i386                               20061109-3.fc8            fedora        
ibm-data-db2.i386                       1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
ibmonitor.noarch                        1.4-1                     fedora        
ibp.i386                                0.21-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ice.i386                                3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-csharp.i386                         3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-csharp-devel.i386                   3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-devel.i386                          3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-java.i386                           3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-java-devel.i386                     3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-php.i386                            3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-python.i386                         3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-python-devel.i386                   3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-ruby.i386                           3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-ruby-devel.i386                     3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ice-servers.i386                        3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
icecast.i386                            2.3.1-4.fc7               fedora        
icedax.i386                             1.1.6-6.fc8               fedora        
icegrid-gui.i386                        3.3.0-8.fc8               updates-newkey
ices.i386                               2.0.1-4.fc7               fedora        
icewm.i386                              1.2.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
icewm-gnome.i386                        1.2.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
icewm-xdgmenu.i386                      1.2.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
icon-naming-utils.noarch                0.8.6-1.fc8               fedora        
icon-slicer.i386                        0.3-8                     fedora        
icu.i386                                3.8-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
icu4j.i386                              3.6.1-1jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
icu4j-eclipse.i386                      3.6.1-1jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
icu4j-javadoc.i386                      3.6.1-1jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
id3lib.i386                             3.8.3-17.fc8              fedora        
id3lib-devel.i386                       3.8.3-17.fc8              fedora        
id3v2.i386                              0.1.11-6.fc8              updates-newkey
idioskopos.i386                         0.4.1-1.fc7               fedora        
idioskopos-devel.i386                   0.4.1-1.fc7               fedora        
idm-console-framework.noarch            1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
idw-gpl.i386                            1.5.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
idw-gpl-javadoc.i386                    1.5.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ifd-egate.i386                          0.05-19                   fedora        
ifm.i386                                5.1-5.fc6                 fedora        
ifplugd.i386                            0.28-7.fc8                fedora        
iftop.i386                              0.17-6.fc8                fedora        
igraph.i386                             0.5-14.fc8                updates-newkey
igraph-devel.i386                       0.5-14.fc8                updates-newkey
ikarus.i386                             0.0.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ike-scan.i386                           1.9-2.fc8                 fedora        
ikiwiki.noarch                          2.51-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ikiwiki-w3m.noarch                      2.51-1.fc8                updates-newkey
iksemel.i386                            1.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
iksemel-devel.i386                      1.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
iksemel-utils.i386                      1.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
ikvm.i386                               0.22-10.fc6               fedora        
ikvm-devel.i386                         0.22-10.fc6               fedora        
ilmbase.i386                            1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ilmbase-devel.i386                      1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
im-chooser.i386                         0.5.3-1.fc8               fedora        
imageinfo.i386                          0.05-2.fc8                fedora        
imake.i386                              1.0.2-5.fc8               fedora        
imapsync.noarch                         1.252-2.fc8               updates-newkey
imlib.i386                              1:1.9.15-6.fc8            updates-newkey
imlib-devel.i386                        1:1.9.15-6.fc8            updates-newkey
imlib2.i386                             1.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
imlib2-devel.i386                       1.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
imlib2-id3tag-loader.i386               1.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
immix.i386                              1.3.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
imp.noarch                              4.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
inadyn.i386                             1.96.2-4.fc8              updates-newkey
inchi.i386                              1.0.1-8.fc8               fedora        
inchi-devel.i386                        1.0.1-8.fc8               fedora        
incollector.i386                        1.0-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
inconsolata-fonts.noarch                1.009-1.fc8               updates-newkey
incron.i386                             0.5.5-1.fc7               fedora        
indent.i386                             2.2.9-16.fc7              fedora        
inews.i386                              2.4.3-10.fc8              updates-newkey
ingo.noarch                             1.1.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
initng.i386                             0.6.10.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
initng-conf-gtk.i386                    0.5.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
initng-devel.i386                       0.6.10.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
initng-ifiles.i386                      0.1.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
initng-lib.i386                         0.6.10.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
inkscape.i386                           0.46-2.fc8                updates-newkey
inksmoto.noarch                         0.5.0-2.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
inn.i386                                2.4.3-10.fc8              updates-newkey
inn-devel.i386                          2.4.3-10.fc8              updates-newkey
innotop.noarch                          1.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
inotify-tools.i386                      3.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
inotify-tools-devel.i386                3.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
insight.i386                            6.8-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
international-time.noarch               0.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
intltool.i386                           0.36.2-1.fc8              fedora        
intuitively.i386                        0.7-12.fc7                fedora        
iotop.noarch                            0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
iozone.i386                             3-3.fc6                   fedora        
ip-sentinel.i386                        0.12-10.fc7               fedora        
ip-sentinel-sysv.i386                   0.12-10.fc7               fedora        
ip6sic.i386                             0.1-6.fc7                 fedora        
ipa-admintools.i386                     1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-client.i386                         1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-python.i386                         1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-radius-admintools.i386              1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-radius-server.i386                  1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-server.i386                         1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipa-server-selinux.i386                 1.2.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
ipcalculator.noarch                     0.41-6.fc8                updates-newkey
ipcalculator-cgi.noarch                 0.41-6.fc8                updates-newkey
ipe.i386                                6.0-0.21.pre28.fc8        fedora        
ipe-devel.i386                          6.0-0.21.pre28.fc8        fedora        
ipe-doc.i386                            6.0-0.21.pre28.fc8        fedora        
iperf.i386                              2.0.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ipod-sharp.i386                         0.8.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ipod-sharp-devel.i386                   0.8.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ipsec-tools.i386                        0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
iptables-devel.i386                     1.4.1.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
iptraf.i386                             3.0.0-9.fc8               updates-newkey
ipv6calc.i386                           0.71.0-1.fc8              fedora        
ipvsadm.i386                            1.24-9                    fedora        
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                 1.3-8                     fedora        
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                 3.0-9                     fedora        
ipxripd.i386                            0.8-4.fc6                 fedora        
ipxutils.i386                           2.2.6-8.fc8               fedora        
ipython.noarch                          0.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ircd-hybrid.i386                        7.2.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
irsim.i386                              9.7.50-1.fc8              fedora        
irssi.i386                              0.8.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
irssi-devel.i386                        0.8.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
iscsi-initiator-utils.i386              6.2.0.865-0.2.fc8         fedora        
isdn4k-utils.i386                       3.2-55.fc8                fedora        
isdn4k-utils-devel.i386                 3.2-55.fc8                fedora        
isdn4k-utils-vboxgetty.i386             3.2-55.fc8                fedora        
isic.i386                               0.07-1.fc7                fedora        
isicom.i386                             3.05-19.fc8               fedora        
isight-firmware-tools.i386              1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
iso-codes.noarch                        1.5-1.fc8                 fedora        
iso-codes-devel.noarch                  1.5-1.fc8                 fedora        
isomaster.i386                          1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
isomd5sum.i386                          11.3.0.50-2               fedora        
isorelax.noarch                         1:0-0.1.release20050331.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
isorelax-javadoc.noarch                 1:0-0.1.release20050331.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
istanbul.i386                           0.2.2-7.fc8               updates-newkey
isync.i386                              1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
itaka.noarch                            0.2.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
itcl.i386                               3.3-0.11.RC1.fc8          updates-newkey
itcl-devel.i386                         3.3-0.11.RC1.fc8          updates-newkey
itk.i386                                3.3-0.8.RC1.fc8           updates-newkey
itk-devel.i386                          3.3-0.8.RC1.fc8           updates-newkey
itpp.i386                               4.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
itpp-devel.i386                         4.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
itpp-doc.i386                           4.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
itzam-core.i386                         2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
itzam-core-devel.i386                   2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
iverilog.i386                           0.9.20081118-1.fc8        updates-newkey
iverilog-devel.i386                     0.9.20081118-1.fc8        updates-newkey
ivtv-firmware.noarch                    2:20080701-18             updates-newkey
iw.i386                                 0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
iwidgets.noarch                         4.0.1-5.fc8               fedora        
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                 2.14.1.5-2                fedora        
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                 228.57.2.21-1.1           updates-newkey
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                 5.4.A.11-3                updates-newkey
jabberd.i386                            2.0-0.s11.15.fc8          updates-newkey
jabberpy.noarch                         0.5-0.17.fc8              updates-newkey
jabbim.noarch                           0.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
jack-audio-connection-kit.i386          0.103.0-5.fc8             updates-newkey
jack-audio-connection-kit-devel.i386    0.103.0-5.fc8             updates-newkey
jack-audio-connection-kit-example-clients.i386
                                        0.103.0-5.fc8             updates-newkey
jack-rack.i386                          1.4.6-3.fc8               fedora        
jadetex.noarch                          3.13-1                    fedora        
jakarta-commons-beanutils.i386          1.7.0-5jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-beanutils-javadoc.i386  1.7.0-5jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-cli.i386                1.0-6jpp_10.fc6           fedora        
jakarta-commons-cli-javadoc.i386        1.0-6jpp_10.fc6           fedora        
jakarta-commons-codec.i386              1.3-8jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-codec-javadoc.i386      1.3-8jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-collections.i386        3.1-9jpp.2.fc7.1          fedora        
jakarta-commons-collections-javadoc.i386
                                        3.1-9jpp.2.fc7.1          fedora        
jakarta-commons-collections-testframework.i386
                                        3.1-9jpp.2.fc7.1          fedora        
jakarta-commons-collections-testframework-javadoc.i386
                                        3.1-9jpp.2.fc7.1          fedora        
jakarta-commons-collections-tomcat5.i386
                                        3.1-9jpp.2.fc7.1          fedora        
jakarta-commons-daemon.i386             1:1.0.1-6jpp.4.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-daemon-javadoc.i386     1:1.0.1-6jpp.4.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-daemon-jsvc.i386        1:1.0.1-6jpp.4.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-dbcp.i386               1.2.1-10jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jakarta-commons-dbcp-javadoc.i386       1.2.1-10jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jakarta-commons-dbcp-tomcat5.i386       1.2.1-10jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jakarta-commons-digester.i386           1.7-6jpp.2                fedora        
jakarta-commons-digester-javadoc.i386   1.7-6jpp.2                fedora        
jakarta-commons-discovery.i386          1:0.3-4jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-discovery-javadoc.i386  1:0.3-4jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-el.i386                 1.0-8jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-el-javadoc.i386         1.0-8jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-fileupload.i386         1:1.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-fileupload-javadoc.i386 1:1.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-commons-httpclient.i386         1:3.0.1-1jpp.2.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-httpclient-demo.i386    1:3.0.1-1jpp.2.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-httpclient-javadoc.i386 1:3.0.1-1jpp.2.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-httpclient-manual.i386  1:3.0.1-1jpp.2.fc8        fedora        
jakarta-commons-io.noarch               1.2-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
jakarta-commons-io-javadoc.noarch       1.2-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
jakarta-commons-lang.i386               2.1-6jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
jakarta-commons-lang-javadoc.i386       2.1-6jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
jakarta-commons-launcher.i386           1.1-1jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-launcher-javadoc.i386   1.1-1jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-logging.i386            1.0.4-6jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
jakarta-commons-logging-javadoc.i386    1.0.4-6jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
jakarta-commons-modeler.i386            2.0-3jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-modeler-javadoc.i386    2.0-3jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-net.noarch              1.4.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
jakarta-commons-net-javadoc.noarch      1.4.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
jakarta-commons-pool.i386               1.3-9jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-pool-javadoc.i386       1.3-9jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-pool-tomcat5.i386       1.3-9jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
jakarta-commons-validator.i386          1.1.4-5jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
jakarta-commons-validator-javadoc.i386  1.1.4-5jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
jakarta-oro.i386                        2.0.8-3jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-oro-javadoc.i386                2.0.8-3jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-taglibs-standard.i386           1.1.1-7jpp.1              fedora        
jakarta-taglibs-standard-javadoc.i386   1.1.1-7jpp.1              fedora        
jam.i386                                2.5-5.fc8                 fedora        
jasper.i386                             1.900.1-7.fc8             fedora        
jasper-devel.i386                       1.900.1-7.fc8             fedora        
jasper-libs.i386                        1.900.1-7.fc8             fedora        
jasper-utils.i386                       1.900.1-7.fc8             fedora        
java-1.5.0-gcj.i386                     1.5.0.0-17.fc8            fedora        
java-1.5.0-gcj-devel.i386               1.5.0.0-17.fc8            fedora        
java-1.5.0-gcj-javadoc.i386             1.5.0.0-17.fc8            fedora        
java-1.5.0-gcj-src.i386                 1.5.0.0-17.fc8            fedora        
java-1.7.0-icedtea.i586                 1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java-1.7.0-icedtea-demo.i586            1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java-1.7.0-icedtea-devel.i586           1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java-1.7.0-icedtea-javadoc.i586         1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java-1.7.0-icedtea-plugin.i586          1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java-1.7.0-icedtea-src.i586             1.7.0.0-0.20.b21.snapshot.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
java_cup.i386                           1:0.10-0.k.6jpp.1         fedora        
java_cup-javadoc.i386                   1:0.10-0.k.6jpp.1         fedora        
java_cup-manual.i386                    1:0.10-0.k.6jpp.1         fedora        
javacc.i386                             4.0-3jpp.3                fedora        
javacc-demo.i386                        4.0-3jpp.3                fedora        
javacc-manual.i386                      4.0-3jpp.3                fedora        
javasqlite.i386                         20080420-1.fc8            updates-newkey
javasqlite-javadoc.i386                 20080420-1.fc8            updates-newkey
javastroke.i386                         0.5.1-16.fc8              fedora        
jaxen.noarch                            1.1-1jpp.2.fc7            fedora        
jaxen-bootstrap.noarch                  1.1-1jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
jaxen-demo.noarch                       1.1-1jpp.2.fc7            fedora        
jaxen-javadoc.noarch                    1.1-1jpp.2.fc7            fedora        
jbrout.noarch                           0.2.201-2.fc8             updates-newkey
jcip-annotations.noarch                 0-20060626.4.fc8          updates-newkey
jcip-annotations-javadoc.noarch         0-20060626.4.fc8          updates-newkey
jd.i386                                 2.1.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
jday.i386                               2.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
jday-devel.i386                         2.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
jdepend.i386                            2.6-6jpp.1                fedora        
jdepend-demo.i386                       2.6-6jpp.1                fedora        
jdepend-javadoc.i386                    2.6-6jpp.1                fedora        
jdom.i386                               1.0-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jdom-demo.i386                          1.0-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jdom-javadoc.i386                       1.0-4jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
jed.i386                                0.99.18-6.fc8             fedora        
jeta.noarch                             1.0-1.fc7                 fedora        
jetty.i386                              5.1.14-1jpp.1.fc8         updates-newkey
jetty-javadoc.i386                      5.1.14-1jpp.1.fc8         updates-newkey
jetty-manual.i386                       5.1.14-1jpp.1.fc8         updates-newkey
jfbterm.i386                            0.4.7-12.fc8              fedora        
jflex.noarch                            1.3.5-2jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
jflex-javadoc.noarch                    1.3.5-2jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
jfsutils.i386                           1.1.12-1                  fedora        
jgoodies-forms.noarch                   1.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
jgoodies-forms-javadoc.noarch           1.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
jgoodies-looks.noarch                   2.1.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
jgoodies-looks-javadoc.noarch           2.1.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
jgroups.i386                            2.2.9.2-3jpp.2            fedora        
jgroups-javadoc.i386                    2.2.9.2-3jpp.2            fedora        
jgroups-manual.i386                     2.2.9.2-3jpp.2            fedora        
jhead.i386                              2.84-1.fc8                updates-newkey
jigdo.i386                              0.7.3-4.fc8               fedora        
jisksp16-1990-fonts.noarch              0.983-2.fc8               fedora        
jlex.i386                               1.2.6-5jpp.1              fedora        
jlex-javadoc.i386                       1.2.6-5jpp.1              fedora        
jline.i386                              0.9.9-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
jlint.i386                              1.23-1.fc8                fedora        
jna.i386                                3.0.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
jna-javadoc.i386                        3.0.2-8.fc8               updates-newkey
jna-posix.i386                          0.5-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
joda-time.noarch                        1.5.2-7.tzdata2008d.fc8   updates-newkey
joda-time-javadoc.noarch                1.5.2-7.tzdata2008d.fc8   updates-newkey
joe.i386                                3.5-3.fc7                 fedora        
john.i386                               1.7.0.2-5.fc8             fedora        
jokosher.noarch                         1.0-0.2.20080216svn.fc8   updates-newkey
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                  0.003-4.fc8               fedora        
joni.i386                               1.0.3-0.2.svn7235.fc8     updates-newkey
joystick.i386                           1.2.15-20.2.2             fedora        
jpackage-utils.noarch                   1.7.3-1jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
jpgalleg.i386                           2.5-2.fc8                 fedora        
jpgalleg-devel.i386                     2.5-2.fc8                 fedora        
jpilot.i386                             0.99.9-3.fc7              fedora        
jrefactory.i386                         2.8.9-6jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
jrexx.noarch                            1.1.1-3jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
jrexx-javadoc.noarch                    1.1.1-3jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
jrtplib.i386                            3.7.1-2.fc8               fedora        
jrtplib-devel.i386                      3.7.1-2.fc8               fedora        
js.i386                                 1.60-4.fc8                fedora        
js-devel.i386                           1.60-4.fc8                fedora        
jsch.i386                               0.1.31-1jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jsch-demo.i386                          0.1.31-1jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jsch-javadoc.i386                       0.1.31-1jpp.2.fc8         fedora        
jss.i386                                4.2.5-1.fc8               fedora        
jthread.i386                            1.2.1-3.fc8               fedora        
jthread-devel.i386                      1.2.1-3.fc8               fedora        
jtidy.i386                              2:1.0-0.1.r7dev.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jtidy-javadoc.i386                      2:1.0-0.1.r7dev.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jtidy-scripts.i386                      2:1.0-0.1.r7dev.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
junit.i386                              3.8.2-3jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
junit-demo.i386                         3.8.2-3jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
junit-javadoc.i386                      3.8.2-3jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
junit-manual.i386                       3.8.2-3jpp.3.fc8          fedora        
junit4.noarch                           4.3.1-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
junit4-demo.noarch                      4.3.1-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
junit4-javadoc.noarch                   4.3.1-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
junit4-manual.noarch                    4.3.1-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
junitperf.noarch                        1.9.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
junitperf-demo.noarch                   1.9.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
junitperf-javadoc.noarch                1.9.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
jvyamlb.noarch                          0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
jython.i386                             2.2-0.3.Release_2_2beta1.1jpp.3.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jython-demo.i386                        2.2-0.3.Release_2_2beta1.1jpp.3.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jython-javadoc.i386                     2.2-0.3.Release_2_2beta1.1jpp.3.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jython-manual.i386                      2.2-0.3.Release_2_2beta1.1jpp.3.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
jzlib.i386                              1.0.7-4jpp.1              fedora        
jzlib-demo.i386                         1.0.7-4jpp.1              fedora        
jzlib-javadoc.i386                      1.0.7-4jpp.1              fedora        
k3b.i386                                1.0.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
k3b-devel.i386                          1.0.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
k3d.i386                                0.6.7.0-4.fc8             fedora        
k3d-devel.i386                          0.6.7.0-4.fc8             fedora        
k3d-examples.i386                       0.6.7.0-4.fc8             fedora        
kacst-fonts.noarch                      1.6.2-2.fc8               fedora        
kadu.i386                               0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-advanced_userlist.i386             0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-agent.i386                         0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-alsa_sound.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-amarok.i386                        0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-amarok_mediaplayer.i386            0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-anonymous_check.i386               0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-antistring.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-ao_sound.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-arts_sound.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-audacious_mediaplayer.i386         0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-auto_hide.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-autostatus.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-cenzor.i386                        0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-dcopexport.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-devel.i386                         0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-esd_sound.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-exec_notify.i386                   0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-ext_info.i386                      0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-falf_mediaplayer.i386              0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-filedesc.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-filtering.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-firewall.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-globalhotkeys.i386                 0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-iwait4u.i386                       0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-last_seen.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-led_notify.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-mail.i386                          0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-mediaplayer.i386                   0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-miastoplusa_sms.i386               0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-mime_tex.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-mx610_notify.i386                  0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-osdhints_notify.i386               0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-panelkadu.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-parser_extender.i386               0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-pcspeaker.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-powerkadu.i386                     0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-profiles.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-screenshot.i386                    0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-spellchecker.i386                  0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-split_messages.i386                0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-tabs.i386                          0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-theme-crystal16.noarch             0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-theme-crystal22.noarch             0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-theme-glass16.noarch               0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-theme-glass22.noarch               0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-theme-nuvola16.noarch              0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-theme-nuvola22.noarch              0.5.0-2.fc6               fedora        
kadu-water_notify.i386                  0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-weather.i386                       0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-wmaker_docking.i386                0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-word_fix.i386                      0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kadu-xmms.i386                          0.5.0-4.fc8               fedora        
kadu-xmms_mediaplayer.i386              0.6.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kaffeine.i386                           0.8.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
kaffeine-devel.i386                     0.8.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
kaffeine-libs.i386                      0.8.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
kakasi.i386                             2.3.4-24.fc8              fedora        
kakasi-devel.i386                       2.3.4-24.fc8              fedora        
kakasi-dict.i386                        2.3.4-24.fc8              fedora        
kalgebra.i386                           0.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
kanatest.i386                           0.4.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
kannel.i386                             1.4.1-5                   fedora        
kannel-devel.i386                       1.4.1-5                   fedora        
kanyremote.noarch                       5.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
kasablanca.i386                         0.4.0.2-10.fc8            fedora        
kasumi.i386                             2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
katapult.i386                           0.3.2.1-2.fc8             fedora        
kawa.i386                               1:1.9.1-3.fc8             fedora        
kawa-javadoc.i386                       1:1.9.1-3.fc8             fedora        
kaya.i386                               0.5.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
kaya-doc.i386                           0.5.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
kazehakase.i386                         0.5.6-1.fc8.2             updates-newkey
kazehakase-base.i386                    0.5.6-1.fc8.2             updates-newkey
kazehakase-hyperestraier.i386           0.5.6-1.fc8.2             updates-newkey
kazehakase-ruby.i386                    0.5.6-1.fc8.2             updates-newkey
kazehakase-webkit.i386                  0.5.6-1.fc8.2             updates-newkey
kbackup.i386                            0.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kbanking.i386                           2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
kbanking-devel.i386                     2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
kbibtex.i386                            0.2.1-17.fc8              updates-newkey
kbilliards.i386                         0.8.7b-4.fc8              fedora        
kbiof.i386                              0.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
kcbench.noarch                          0.1-2                     fedora        
kcbench-data.noarch                     0.1-2                     fedora        
kcbench-data-2.6.20.noarch              0.1-2                     fedora        
kcc.i386                                2.3-27                    fedora        
kcemirror.i386                          0.1.5-1.fc7               fedora        
kchmviewer.i386                         3.0-2.fc7                 fedora        
kcirbshooter.i386                       0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
kcometen3.i386                          1.1-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
kdbg.i386                               1:2.0.5-2.fc7             fedora        
kde-filesystem.noarch                   4-19.fc8                  updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Arabic.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Bengali.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Brazil.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-British.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Bulgarian.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Catalan.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Chinese.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Chinese-Big5.noarch            1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Czech.noarch                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Danish.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Dutch.noarch                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Estonian.noarch                1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Finnish.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-French.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-German.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Greek.noarch                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Hebrew.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Hindi.noarch                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Hungarian.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Icelandic.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Italian.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Japanese.noarch                1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Korean.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Lithuanian.noarch              1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Norwegian.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Norwegian-Nynorsk.noarch       1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Polish.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Portuguese.noarch              1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Punjabi.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Romanian.noarch                1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Russian.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Serbian.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Slovak.noarch                  1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Slovenian.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Spanish.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Swedish.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Tamil.noarch                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Turkish.noarch                 1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-i18n-Ukrainian.noarch               1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kde-settings.noarch                     3.5-38.fc8                updates-newkey
kde-settings-kdm.noarch                 3.5-38.fc8                updates-newkey
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch          3.5-38.fc8                updates-newkey
kdeaccessibility.i386                   1:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdeaddons.i386                          3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeaddons-extras.i386                   3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeadmin.i386                           7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdeartwork.i386                         3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeartwork-extras.i386                  3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeartwork-icons.i386                   3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeartwork-kxs.i386                     3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdebase.i386                            6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdebase-devel.i386                      6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdebase-extras.i386                     6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdebase-libs.i386                       6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdebase-runtime.i386                    4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdebase-runtime-libs.i386               4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdebase4.i386                           4.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kdebase4-devel.i386                     4.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kdebindings.i386                        3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdebindings-dcopperl.i386               3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdebindings-devel.i386                  3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdebluetooth.i386                       1.0-0.37.beta8.fc8        updates-newkey
kdebluetooth-devel.i386                 1.0-0.37.beta8.fc8        updates-newkey
kdebluetooth-libs.i386                  1.0-0.37.beta8.fc8        updates-newkey
kdeedu.i386                             3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeedu-devel.i386                       3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdeedu-libs.i386                        3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdegames.i386                           6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegames-devel.i386                     6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegames-libs.i386                      6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegraphics.i386                        7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegraphics-devel.i386                  7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegraphics-extras.i386                 7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdegraphics-libs.i386                   7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdelibs.i386                            6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdelibs-apidocs.i386                    6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdelibs-devel.i386                      6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdelibs4.i386                           4.1.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
kdelibs4-apidocs.noarch                 4.1.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
kdelibs4-devel.i386                     4.1.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
kdemultimedia.i386                      6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdemultimedia-devel.i386                6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdemultimedia-extras.i386               6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdemultimedia-extras-libs.i386          6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdemultimedia-libs.i386                 6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdenetwork.i386                         7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdenetwork-devel.i386                   7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdenetwork-extras.i386                  7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdenetwork-libs.i386                    7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdepim.i386                             6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdepim-devel.i386                       6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdepim-libs.i386                        6:3.5.10-2.fc8            updates-newkey
kdepimlibs.i386                         4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdepimlibs-devel.i386                   4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdesdk.i386                             3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdesdk-devel.i386                       3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdesdk-libs.i386                        3.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kdesvn.i386                             1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdesvn-devel.i386                       1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdetoys.i386                            7:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdetv.i386                              0.8.9-8.fc8               updates-newkey
kdeutils.i386                           6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdeutils-extras.i386                    6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdevelop.i386                           9:3.5.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kdevelop-devel.i386                     9:3.5.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kdevelop-libs.i386                      9:3.5.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kdewebdev.i386                          6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdewebdev-devel.i386                    6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdewebdev-libs.i386                     6:3.5.10-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kdiff3.i386                             0.9.92-11.fc8             updates-newkey
kdirstat.i386                           2.5.3-6.fc8               fedora        
kdissert.i386                           1.0.7-1.fc7               fedora        
kdmtheme.i386                           1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kdnssd-avahi.i386                       0.1.3-0.2.20060713svn.fc8 fedora        
kdnssd-avahi-devel.i386                 0.1.3-0.2.20060713svn.fc8 fedora        
kdocker.i386                            1.3-9.fc8                 fedora        
keepalived.i386                         1.1.15-1.fc8              fedora        
keepassx.i386                           0.3.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kernel.i586                             2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel.i686                             2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-PAE.i686                         2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-PAE-debug.i686                   2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-PAE-debug-devel.i686             2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-PAE-devel.i686                   2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-debug.i686                       2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-debug-devel.i686                 2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-devel.i586                       2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-devel.i686                       2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-doc.noarch                       2.6.26.8-57.fc8           updates-newkey
kernel-xen-2.6-doc.noarch               2.6.21.7-5.fc8            updates-newkey
kernel-xen-devel.i686                   2.6.21.7-5.fc8            updates-newkey
kerry.i386                              0.2.1-4.fc8               fedora        
ketchup.noarch                          0.9.8-1.fc8               fedora        
keurocalc.i386                          0.9.7-3.fc8               fedora        
kexec-tools.i386                        1.102pre-7.fc8            updates-newkey
keychain.noarch                         2.6.8-2.fc7               fedora        
keyjnote.noarch                         0.10.1-2.fc8              fedora        
keyutils.i386                           1.2-2.fc6                 fedora        
keyutils-libs-devel.i386                1.2-2.fc6                 fedora        
kflickr.i386                            0.9-1.fc8                 fedora        
kftpgrabber.i386                        0.8.1-3.fc8               fedora        
kftpgrabber-devel.i386                  0.8.1-3.fc8               fedora        
kgtk.i386                               0.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-base.noarch               5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-battambang.noarch         5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-bokor.noarch              5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-handwritten.noarch        5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-metalchrieng.noarch       5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-muol.noarch               5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
khmeros-fonts-siemreap.noarch           5.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
kicad.i386                              2007.07.09-2.fc8          fedora        
kicker-compiz.i386                      3.5.4-4.fc8               fedora        
kickpim.i386                            0.5.3-12.fc8              fedora        
kid3.i386                               0.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
kile.i386                               2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
kinput2.i386                            v3.1-36.fc8               fedora        
kio_p7zip.i386                          0.3.1-5.fc8               fedora        
kio_resources.i386                      0.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
kio_sword.i386                          0.3-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
kiosktool.i386                          1.0-8.fc8                 fedora        
kipi-plugins.i386                       0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kismet.i386                             0.0.2008.05.R1-2.fc8      updates-newkey
kismet-extras.i386                      0.0.2008.05.R1-2.fc8      updates-newkey
kita.i386                               0.177.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
kitsune.i386                            2.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
klamav.i386                             0.41.1-14.fc8             updates-newkey
kleansweep.i386                         0.2.9-5.fc8               fedora        
klear.i386                              0.6.1-1.fc8               fedora        
klibido.i386                            0.2.5-8.fc8               fedora        
kmenu-gnome.noarch                      0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
kmobiletools.i386                       0.4.3.3-3.fc6             fedora        
kmod-em8300.i686                        0.16.3-9.2.6.26.6_49.fc8  updates-newkey
kmod-em8300-PAE.i686                    0.16.3-9.2.6.26.6_49.fc8  updates-newkey
kmod-sysprof.i686                       1.0.9-1.2.6.24.7_92.fc8   updates-newkey
kmod-sysprof-PAE.i686                   1.0.9-1.2.6.24.7_92.fc8   updates-newkey
kmplayer.i386                           0.10.0c-2.fc8             updates-newkey
kmymoney2.i386                          0.8.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kmymoney2-devel.i386                    0.8.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
knemo.i386                              0.4.7-1.fc7               fedora        
knetstats.i386                          1.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
knetworkmanager.i386                    0.2-0.7.fc8               updates-newkey
knetworkmanager-devel.i386              0.2-0.7.fc8               updates-newkey
knetworkmanager-openvpn.i386            0.2-0.7.fc8               updates-newkey
knetworkmanager-pptp.i386               0.2-0.7.fc8               updates-newkey
knetworkmanager-vpnc.i386               0.2-0.7.fc8               updates-newkey
knm_new-fonts.noarch                    1.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
koan.noarch                             1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
kodos.noarch                            2.4.9-4.fc8               fedora        
koffice-core.i386                       1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-devel.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-filters.i386                    1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-karbon.i386                     1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kchart.i386                     1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kexi.i386                       1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kexi-driver-mysql.i386          1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kexi-driver-pgsql.i386          1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kformula.i386                   1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kivio.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kplato.i386                     1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kpresenter.i386                 1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-krita.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kspread.i386                    1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kugar.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-kword.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-langpack-bg.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ca.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-cs.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-cy.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-da.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-de.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-el.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-en_GB.noarch           1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-es.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-et.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-eu.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-fa.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-fi.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-fr.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ga.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-gl.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-hu.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-it.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ja.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-km.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-lv.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ms.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-nb.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-nds.noarch             1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ne.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-nl.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-pl.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-pt.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-pt_BR.noarch           1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-ru.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-sk.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-sl.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-sr.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-sr-Latn.noarch         1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-sv.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-tr.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-uk.noarch              1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-zh_CN.noarch           1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-langpack-zh_TW.noarch           1.6.3-1.fc8               fedora        
koffice-libs.i386                       1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koffice-suite.i386                      1:1.6.3-17.fc8            updates-newkey
koji.noarch                             1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
koji-builder.noarch                     1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
koji-hub.noarch                         1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
koji-utils.noarch                       1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
koji-web.noarch                         1.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
komparator.i386                         0.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
kompose.i386                            0.5.3-8.fc8               fedora        
konversation.i386                       1.0.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
kooldock.i386                           0.4.6-2.fc8               fedora        
koules.i386                             1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
koules-sound.i386                       1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
koules-svgalib.i386                     1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
koules-x11.i386                         1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
kover.i386                              3-2                       fedora        
koverartist.i386                        0.5-8.fc8                 fedora        
kphotoalbum.i386                        3.1.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
kphotobymail.noarch                     0.4.1-1.fc7               fedora        
kpolynome.i386                          0.1.2-10.fc8              fedora        
kpowersave.i386                         0.7.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
krazy2.i386                             2.6-6.20081008svn869261.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
krb5-auth-dialog.i386                   0.7-5.fc8                 fedora        
krb5-devel.i386                         1.6.2-14.fc8              updates-newkey
krb5-server.i386                        1.6.2-14.fc8              updates-newkey
krb5-server-ldap.i386                   1.6.2-14.fc8              updates-newkey
krb5-workstation-clients.i386           1.6.2-14.fc8              updates-newkey
krb5-workstation-servers.i386           1.6.2-14.fc8              updates-newkey
krecipes.i386                           0.9.1-6.fc8               fedora        
kreetingkard.i386                       0.7.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kreetingkard_templates.noarch           0.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
krename.i386                            3.0.14-2.fc8              fedora        
kronolith.noarch                        2.1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
krusader.i386                           1.90.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
kscope.i386                             1.6.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ksensors.i386                           0.7.3-13.fc8              updates-newkey
ksh.i386                                20080202-1.fc8            updates-newkey
kshutdown.i386                          1.0.1-1.fc8               fedora        
ksirk.i386                              1.7-3.fc8                 fedora        
ksmarttray.i386                         1.1-58.fc8                updates-newkey
ksplash-engine-moodin.i386              0.4.2-4.fc7               fedora        
ksplice.i386                            0.9.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ksshaskpass.i386                        0.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
kst.i386                                1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kst-devel.i386                          1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kst-docs.i386                           1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kst-fits.i386                           1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kst-netcdf.i386                         1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kstart.i386                             3.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ksudoku.i386                            0.4-2.fc8                 fedora        
ksynaptics.i386                         0.3.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ktechlab.i386                           0.3.69-5.fc8              fedora        
ktorrent.i386                           2.2.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
kudzu-devel.i386                        1.2.79.2-1                updates-newkey
kuipc.i386                              2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
kuipc-g77.i386                          2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
kuipc-gfortran.i386                     2006-19.fc8               fedora        
kvm.i386                                60-7.fc8                  updates-newkey
kyum.i386                               0.7.5-10.fc8.1            updates-newkey
labrea.i386                             2.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
labyrinth.noarch                        0.3-2.fc7                 fedora        
lacewing.i386                           1.10-9.fc8                fedora        
ladspa.i386                             1.12-8.fc7                fedora        
ladspa-amb-plugins.i386                 0.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-blop-plugins.i386                0.2.8-5.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-caps-plugins.i386                0.4.2-1.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-cmt-plugins.i386                 1.15-6.fc8                fedora        
ladspa-devel.i386                       1.12-8.fc7                fedora        
ladspa-fil-plugins.i386                 0.1.0-2.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-mcp-plugins.i386                 1:0.3.0-4.fc8             fedora        
ladspa-rev-plugins.i386                 0.3.1-3.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-swh-plugins.i386                 0.4.15-11.fc8             fedora        
ladspa-tap-plugins.i386                 0.7.0-4.fc8               fedora        
ladspa-vco-plugins.i386                 0.3.0-5.fc8               fedora        
lagan.i386                              2.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
lam.i386                                2:7.1.4-1.fc8             updates-newkey
lam-devel.i386                          2:7.1.4-1.fc8             updates-newkey
lam-libs.i386                           2:7.1.4-1.fc8             updates-newkey
lapack.i386                             3.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lapack-devel.i386                       3.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lash.i386                               0.5.3-3.fc8               fedora        
lash-devel.i386                         0.5.3-3.fc8               fedora        
lasi.i386                               1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lasi-devel.i386                         1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lat.i386                                1.2.3-1.fc8               fedora        
lat-devel.i386                          1.2.3-1.fc8               fedora        
latex-mk.noarch                         1.8-2.fc7                 fedora        
latex2emf.i386                          1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
latex2html.noarch                       2002.2.1-6                fedora        
latexmk.noarch                          3.20-1.fc8                fedora        
lbrickbuster2.i386                      2.6-0.9.beta7.fc8         updates-newkey
lcdproc.i386                            0.5.2-3.fc8               fedora        
lcms.i386                               1.17-5.fc8                updates-newkey
lcms-devel.i386                         1.17-5.fc8                updates-newkey
lcms-libs.i386                          1.17-5.fc8                updates-newkey
lcov.noarch                             1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
ldapjdk.i386                            4.17-1jpp.7               fedora        
ldapjdk-javadoc.i386                    4.17-1jpp.7               fedora        
ldapvi.i386                             1.7-3.fc8                 fedora        
ldirectord.i386                         2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ldns.i386                               1.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ldns-devel.i386                         1.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
leafnode.i386                           1.11.6-2.fc8              fedora        
leafpad.i386                            0.8.11-2.fc8              fedora        
lesstif.i386                            0.95.0-26.fc8             updates-newkey
lesstif-clients.i386                    0.95.0-26.fc8             updates-newkey
lesstif-devel.i386                      0.95.0-26.fc8             updates-newkey
lesstif-mwm.i386                        0.95.0-26.fc8             updates-newkey
lib3ds.i386                             1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lib3ds-devel.i386                       1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lib3ds-static.i386                      1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lib3ds-tools.i386                       1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lib765.i386                             0.4.1-2.fc8               fedora        
lib765-devel.i386                       0.4.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libAfterImage.i386                      1.18-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libAfterImage-devel.i386                1.18-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libEMF.i386                             1.0.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libEMF-devel.i386                       1.0.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libFS.i386                              1.0.0-6.fc8               fedora        
libFS-devel.i386                        1.0.0-6.fc8               fedora        
libFoundation.i386                      1.1.3-10.fc6              fedora        
libFoundation-devel.i386                1.1.3-10.fc6              fedora        
libHX.i386                              1.25-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libHX-devel.i386                        1.25-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libICE-devel.i386                       1.0.4-2.fc8               fedora        
libIDL-devel.i386                       0.8.9-1.fc8               fedora        
libRmath.i386                           2.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libRmath-devel.i386                     2.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libSM-devel.i386                        1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libUnihan.i386                          0.5.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libUnihan-devel.i386                    0.5.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libUnihan-doc.i386                      0.5.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libX11.i386                             1.1.3-4.fc8               fedora        
libX11-devel.i386                       1.1.3-4.fc8               fedora        
libXNVCtrl.i386                         1.0-5.fc8                 fedora        
libXNVCtrl-devel.i386                   1.0-5.fc8                 fedora        
libXScrnSaver.i386                      1.1.2-3.fc8               fedora        
libXScrnSaver-devel.i386                1.1.2-3.fc8               fedora        
libXTrap.i386                           1.0.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libXTrap-devel.i386                     1.0.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libXau-devel.i386                       1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXaw.i386                             1.0.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libXaw-compat.i386                      1.0.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libXaw-devel.i386                       1.0.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libXcomposite.i386                      0.4.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libXcomposite-devel.i386                0.4.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libXcursor.i386                         1.1.9-1.fc8               fedora        
libXcursor-devel.i386                   1.1.9-1.fc8               fedora        
libXdamage.i386                         1.1.1-3.fc8               fedora        
libXdamage-devel.i386                   1.1.1-3.fc8               fedora        
libXdmcp-devel.i386                     1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libXevie.i386                           1.0.2-2.fc8               fedora        
libXevie-devel.i386                     1.0.2-2.fc8               fedora        
libXext.i386                            1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXext-devel.i386                      1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXfixes.i386                          4.0.3-2.fc8               fedora        
libXfixes-devel.i386                    4.0.3-2.fc8               fedora        
libXfont.i386                           1.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libXfont-devel.i386                     1.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libXfontcache.i386                      1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXfontcache-devel.i386                1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXft.i386                             2.1.12-3.fc8              fedora        
libXft-devel.i386                       2.1.12-3.fc8              fedora        
libXi.i386                              1.1.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libXi-devel.i386                        1.1.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libXinerama.i386                        1.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
libXinerama-devel.i386                  1.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
libXmu.i386                             1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXmu-devel.i386                       1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXp.i386                              1.0.0-8.fc8               fedora        
libXp-devel.i386                        1.0.0-8.fc8               fedora        
libXpm.i386                             3.5.7-1.fc8               fedora        
libXpm-devel.i386                       3.5.7-1.fc8               fedora        
libXrandr.i386                          1.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
libXrandr-devel.i386                    1.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
libXrender.i386                         0.9.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libXrender-devel.i386                   0.9.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libXres.i386                            1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXres-devel.i386                      1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXt.i386                              1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXt-devel.i386                        1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXtst.i386                            1.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libXtst-devel.i386                      1.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libXv.i386                              1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXv-devel.i386                        1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
libXvMC.i386                            1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXvMC-devel.i386                      1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86dga.i386                        1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86dga-devel.i386                  1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86misc.i386                       1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86misc-devel.i386                 1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86vm.i386                         1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libXxf86vm-devel.i386                   1.0.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libacl-devel.i386                       2.2.39-14.fc8             updates-newkey
libaio.i386                             0.3.106-3.2               fedora        
libaio-devel.i386                       0.3.106-3.2               fedora        
libannodex.i386                         0.7.3-9.fc8               fedora        
libannodex-devel.i386                   0.7.3-9.fc8               fedora        
libao.i386                              0.8.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libao-devel.i386                        0.8.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libapreq2.i386                          2.09-0.rc2.11.fc8         updates-newkey
libapreq2-devel.i386                    2.09-0.rc2.11.fc8         updates-newkey
libart_lgpl-devel.i386                  2.3.19-3.fc8              fedora        
libassa.i386                            3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libassa-devel.i386                      3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libassa-doc.i386                        3.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libassuan-devel.i386                    1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libast.i386                             0.7.1-0.3.20060818cvs.fc8 updates-newkey
libast-devel.i386                       0.7.1-0.3.20060818cvs.fc8 updates-newkey
libatomic_ops-devel.i386                1.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
libattr-devel.i386                      2.4.38-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libavc1394.i386                         0.5.3-1.fc6               fedora        
libavc1394-devel.i386                   0.5.3-1.fc6               fedora        
libax25.i386                            0.0.11-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libax25-devel.i386                      0.0.11-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libbdevid-python.i386                   6.0.19-4.fc8              fedora        
libbeagle.i386                          0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
libbeagle-devel.i386                    0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
libbeagle-python.i386                   0.2.18-5.fc8              updates-newkey
libbinio.i386                           1.4-7.fc8                 fedora        
libbinio-devel.i386                     1.4-7.fc8                 fedora        
libbonobo-devel.i386                    2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libbonoboui.i386                        2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libbonoboui-devel.i386                  2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libbtctl.i386                           0.9.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libbtctl-devel.i386                     0.9.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libbtctl-doc.i386                       0.9.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libburn.i386                            0.3.8-2.fc8               fedora        
libburn-devel.i386                      0.3.8-2.fc8               fedora        
libc-client.i386                        2007d-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libc-client2006.i386                    2006k-0.1.0709171900.fc8  fedora        
libcaca.i386                            0.99-0.3.beta11.fc8       fedora        
libcaca-devel.i386                      0.99-0.3.beta11.fc8       fedora        
libcap-devel.i386                       1.10-30                   fedora        
libcdaudio.i386                         0.99.12p2-8.fc7           fedora        
libcdaudio-devel.i386                   0.99.12p2-8.fc7           fedora        
libcddb.i386                            1.3.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libcddb-devel.i386                      1.3.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libcdio.i386                            0.78.2-5.fc8              updates-newkey
libcdio-devel.i386                      0.78.2-5.fc8              updates-newkey
libcgi.i386                             1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
libcgi-devel.i386                       1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
libchewing.i386                         0.3.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
libchewing-devel.i386                   0.3.1-0.fc8               updates-newkey
libchmxx.i386                           0.1-5.fc6                 fedora        
libchmxx-devel.i386                     0.1-5.fc6                 fedora        
libcmml.i386                            0.9.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libcmml-devel.i386                      0.9.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libcompizconfig.i386                    0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libcompizconfig-devel.i386              0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libconcord.i386                         0.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libconcord-devel.i386                   0.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libconcord-perl.i386                    0.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libconcord-python.i386                  0.20-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libconfig.i386                          1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
libconfig-devel.i386                    1.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
libconfuse.i386                         2.5-3.fc6                 fedora        
libconfuse-devel.i386                   2.5-3.fc6                 fedora        
libcroco.i386                           0.6.1-3.fc8               fedora        
libcroco-devel.i386                     0.6.1-3.fc8               fedora        
libctl.i386                             3.0.2-5.fc8               fedora        
libctl-devel.i386                       3.0.2-5.fc8               fedora        
libdaemon-devel.i386                    0.12-2.fc8                fedora        
libdap.i386                             3.7.8-2.fc8.1             fedora        
libdap-devel.i386                       3.7.8-2.fc8.1             fedora        
libdap-doc.i386                         3.7.8-2.fc8.1             fedora        
libdar.i386                             2.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdar-devel.i386                       2.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdbi.i386                             0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
libdbi-dbd-mysql.i386                   0.8.2-1.2.fc8             fedora        
libdbi-dbd-pgsql.i386                   0.8.2-1.2.fc8             fedora        
libdbi-dbd-sqlite.i386                  0.8.2-1.2.fc8             fedora        
libdbi-devel.i386                       0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
libdbi-drivers.i386                     0.8.2-1.2.fc8             fedora        
libdc1394.i386                          2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdc1394-devel.i386                    2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdc1394-docs.i386                     2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdc1394-tools.i386                    2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdhcp-devel.i386                      1.27-4.fc8                updates-newkey
libdhcp-static.i386                     1.27-4.fc8                updates-newkey
libdhcp4client-devel.i386               12:3.0.6-12.fc8           updates-newkey
libdhcp4client-static.i386              12:3.0.6-12.fc8           updates-newkey
libdhcp6client-devel.i386               0.10-52.fc8               updates-newkey
libdhcp6client-static.i386              0.10-52.fc8               updates-newkey
libdiscid.i386                          0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdiscid-devel.i386                    0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdmx.i386                             1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libdmx-devel.i386                       1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libdnet.i386                            1.12-2.fc8                fedora        
libdnet-devel.i386                      1.12-2.fc8                fedora        
libdnet-progs.i386                      1.12-2.fc8                fedora        
libdockapp.i386                         0.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libdockapp-devel.i386                   0.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libdockapp-fonts.i386                   0.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
libdrm-devel.i386                       2.3.0-7.fc8               fedora        
libdsk.i386                             1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdsk-devel.i386                       1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdsk-tools.i386                       1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libdstr.i386                            20080124-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libdstr-devel.i386                      20080124-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libdv.i386                              1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libdv-devel.i386                        1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libdv-tools.i386                        1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
libdvdnav.i386                          4.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libdvdnav-devel.i386                    4.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libdvdread.i386                         0.9.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libdvdread-devel.i386                   0.9.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libeXosip2.i386                         3.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libeXosip2-devel.i386                   3.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
libebml.i386                            0.7.7-3.fc8               fedora        
libebml-devel.i386                      0.7.7-3.fc8               fedora        
libedit-devel.i386                      2.11-1.20080712cvs.fc8    updates-newkey
liberation-fonts.noarch                 1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch        2:5.110.22.p14-1.fc8      updates-newkey
libesmtp.i386                           1.0.4-2.fc6               fedora        
libesmtp-devel.i386                     1.0.4-2.fc6               fedora        
libetpan.i386                           0.56-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libetpan-devel.i386                     0.56-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libev.i386                              3.49-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libev-devel.i386                        3.49-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libevent-devel.i386                     1.3b-1.fc7                fedora        
libewf.i386                             0-2.20070512.fc8          updates-newkey
libewf-devel.i386                       0-2.20070512.fc8          updates-newkey
libexif.i386                            0.6.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libexif-devel.i386                      0.6.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libextractor.i386                       0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-devel.i386                 0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins.i386               0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-base.i386          0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-exiv2.i386         0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-ogg.i386           0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-ole2.i386          0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-pdf.i386           0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-thumbnailgtk.i386  0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libextractor-plugins-thumbnailqt.i386   0.5.18a-1.fc8             fedora        
libfac-devel.i386                       3.0.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libffi.i386                             3.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libffi-devel.i386                       3.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libfishsound.i386                       0.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libfishsound-devel.i386                 0.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libfishsound-doc.i386                   0.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libfishsound-tools.i386                 0.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libflaim.i386                           4.9.989-18.fc8            updates-newkey
libflaim-devel.i386                     4.9.989-18.fc8            updates-newkey
libflashsupport.i386                    000-0.1.svn20070904       fedora        
libfontenc.i386                         1.0.4-4.fc8               fedora        
libfontenc-devel.i386                   1.0.4-4.fc8               fedora        
libfprint.i386                          0.0.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libfprint-devel.i386                    0.0.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libfreebob.i386                         1.0.3-1.fc7               fedora        
libfreebob-devel.i386                   1.0.3-1.fc7               fedora        
libftdi.i386                            0.14-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libftdi-devel.i386                      0.14-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libfwbuilder.i386                       2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
libfwbuilder-devel.i386                 2.1.14-1.fc8              fedora        
libgadu.i386                            1.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libgadu-devel.i386                      1.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libgail-gnome.i386                      1.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgail-gnome-devel.i386                1.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgalago.i386                          0.5.2-5.fc8               fedora        
libgalago-devel.i386                    0.5.2-5.fc8               fedora        
libgalago-gtk.i386                      0.5.0-6.fc8               fedora        
libgalago-gtk-devel.i386                0.5.0-6.fc8               fedora        
libgcj.i386                             4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libgcj-devel.i386                       4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libgcj-src.i386                         4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libgconf-java.i386                      2.12.4-9.fc8              updates-newkey
libgconf-java-devel.i386                2.12.4-9.fc8              updates-newkey
libgcrypt-devel.i386                    1.2.4-6                   fedora        
libgda.i386                             1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-devel.i386                       1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-freetds.i386                     1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-freetds-devel.i386               1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-ldap.i386                        1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-ldap-devel.i386                  1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-mdb.i386                         1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-mdb-devel.i386                   1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-mysql.i386                       1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-mysql-devel.i386                 1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-odbc.i386                        1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-odbc-devel.i386                  1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-postgres.i386                    1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-postgres-devel.i386              1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-sqlite.i386                      1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-sqlite-devel.i386                1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-xbase.i386                       1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgda-xbase-devel.i386                 1:3.0.1-4.fc8             fedora        
libgdamm.i386                           2.9.8-1.fc8               fedora        
libgdamm-devel.i386                     2.9.8-1.fc8               fedora        
libgdiplus.i386                         1.2.5-1.fc8               fedora        
libgdiplus-devel.i386                   1.2.5-1.fc8               fedora        
libgdl.i386                             0.7.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgdl-devel.i386                       0.7.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgeda.i386                            20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libgeda-devel.i386                      20081220-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libgee.i386                             0.1.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgee-devel.i386                       0.1.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgeotiff.i386                         1.2.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgeotiff-devel.i386                   1.2.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgfortran.i386                        4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libggz.i386                             0.0.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libggz-devel.i386                       0.0.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgii.i386                             1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libgii-devel.i386                       1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libgii-utils.i386                       1.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
libglade.i386                           1:0.17-20.fc8             fedora        
libglade-devel.i386                     1:0.17-20.fc8             fedora        
libglade-java.i386                      2.12.5-7.fc8              updates-newkey
libglade-java-devel.i386                2.12.5-7.fc8              updates-newkey
libglade2.i386                          2.6.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libglade2-devel.i386                    2.6.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libglademm24.i386                       2.6.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libglademm24-devel.i386                 2.6.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libgnat.i386                            4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libgnome.i386                           2.20.1-2.fc8              fedora        
libgnome-devel.i386                     2.20.1-2.fc8              fedora        
libgnome-java.i386                      2.12.4-7.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnome-java-devel.i386                2.12.4-7.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomecanvas.i386                     2.20.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomecanvas-devel.i386               2.20.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomecanvasmm26.i386                 2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomecanvasmm26-devel.i386           2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomecups.i386                       0.2.2-11.fc8              fedora        
libgnomecups-devel.i386                 0.2.2-11.fc8              fedora        
libgnomedb.i386                         1:3.0.0-3.fc8             fedora        
libgnomedb-devel.i386                   1:3.0.0-3.fc8             fedora        
libgnomedbmm.i386                       2.9.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgnomedbmm-devel.i386                 2.9.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libgnomekbd.i386                        2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomekbd-devel.i386                  2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomemm26.i386                       2.20.0-1                  fedora        
libgnomemm26-devel.i386                 2.20.0-1                  fedora        
libgnomeprint22.i386                    2.18.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomeprint22-devel.i386              2.18.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomeprintui22.i386                  2.18.1-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomeprintui22-devel.i386            2.18.1-1.fc8              fedora        
libgnomeui.i386                         2.20.1.1-1.fc8            fedora        
libgnomeui-devel.i386                   2.20.1.1-1.fc8            fedora        
libgnomeuimm26.i386                     2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgnomeuimm26-devel.i386               2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgpg-error-devel.i386                 1.5-6                     fedora        
libgpod.i386                            0.6.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libgpod-devel.i386                      0.6.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libgpod-doc.i386                        0.6.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libgringotts.i386                       1.2.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libgringotts-devel.i386                 1.2.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libgsasl.i386                           0.2.27-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgsasl-devel.i386                     0.2.27-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgsf.i386                             1.14.7-1.fc8              fedora        
libgsf-devel.i386                       1.14.7-1.fc8              fedora        
libgsf-gnome.i386                       1.14.7-1.fc8              fedora        
libgsf-gnome-devel.i386                 1.14.7-1.fc8              fedora        
libgsf-python.i386                      1.14.7-1.fc8              fedora        
libgssapi.i386                          0.11-2.fc8                fedora        
libgssapi-devel.i386                    0.11-2.fc8                fedora        
libgssglue-devel.i386                   0.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
libgstroke.i386                         0.5.1-16.fc8              fedora        
libgstroke-devel.i386                   0.5.1-16.fc8              fedora        
libgtk-java.i386                        2.8.7-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libgtk-java-devel.i386                  2.8.7-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libgtksourceviewmm.i386                 0.3.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libgtksourceviewmm-devel.i386           0.3.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libgtksourceviewmm-doc.i386             0.3.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libgtop2.i386                           2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libgtop2-devel.i386                     2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libhangul.i386                          0.0.6-3.fc8               fedora        
libhangul-devel.i386                    0.0.6-3.fc8               fedora        
libhocr.i386                            0.10.17-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libhocr-devel.i386                      0.10.17-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libhocr-gtk.i386                        0.10.17-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libhocr-python.i386                     0.10.17-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libhugetlbfs.i386                       1.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libhugetlbfs-test.i386                  1.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
libibverbs.i386                         1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libibverbs-devel.i386                   1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libibverbs-devel-static.i386            1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libibverbs-utils.i386                   1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libical.i386                            0.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libical-devel.i386                      0.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libicu-devel.i386                       3.8-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
libicu-doc.i386                         3.8-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
libid3tag.i386                          0.15.1b-5.fc8             updates-newkey
libid3tag-devel.i386                    0.15.1b-5.fc8             updates-newkey
libident.i386                           0.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libident-devel.i386                     0.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libident-tools.i386                     0.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libidn-devel.i386                       0.6.14-4                  fedora        
libiec61883.i386                        1.1.0-1.fc7               fedora        
libiec61883-devel.i386                  1.1.0-1.fc7               fedora        
libiec61883-utils.i386                  1.1.0-1.fc7               fedora        
libieee1284.i386                        0.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
libieee1284-devel.i386                  0.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
libieee1284-python.i386                 0.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
libifp.i386                             1.0.0.2-6.fc8             fedora        
libifp-devel.i386                       1.0.0.2-6.fc8             fedora        
libipoddevice.i386                      0.5.3-1.fc7               fedora        
libipoddevice-devel.i386                0.5.3-1.fc7               fedora        
libiptcdata.i386                        1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
libiptcdata-devel.i386                  1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
libiptcdata-python.i386                 1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
libisofs.i386                           0.2.8-2.fc8               fedora        
libisofs-devel.i386                     0.2.8-2.fc8               fedora        
libjingle.i386                          0.3.11-4.fc8              fedora        
libjingle-devel.i386                    0.3.11-4.fc8              fedora        
libjpeg-devel.i386                      6b-39.fc8                 fedora        
libjpeg-static.i386                     6b-39.fc8                 fedora        
libkdcraw.i386                          0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libkdcraw-devel.i386                    0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libkexif.i386                           0.2.5-2.fc8               fedora        
libkexif-devel.i386                     0.2.5-2.fc8               fedora        
libkexiv2.i386                          0.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libkexiv2-devel.i386                    0.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libkipi.i386                            0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libkipi-devel.i386                      0.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libksba-devel.i386                      1.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
liblo.i386                              0.23-12.fc7               fedora        
liblo-devel.i386                        0.23-12.fc7               fedora        
liblqr-1.i386                           0.1.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
liblqr-1-devel.i386                     0.1.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
liblrdf.i386                            0.4.0-12.fc8              fedora        
liblrdf-devel.i386                      0.4.0-12.fc8              fedora        
libmal.i386                             0.31-7.fc8                fedora        
libmal-devel.i386                       0.31-7.fc8                fedora        
libmalaga.i386                          7.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libmatchbox.i386                        1.9-3.fc7                 fedora        
libmatchbox-devel.i386                  1.9-3.fc7                 fedora        
libmatheval.i386                        1.1.5-1.fc8               fedora        
libmatheval-devel.i386                  1.1.5-1.fc8               fedora        
libmatroska.i386                        0.8.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libmatroska-devel.i386                  0.8.1-2.fc8               fedora        
libmcpp.i386                            2.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmcpp-devel.i386                      2.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmcrypt.i386                          2.5.8-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libmcrypt-devel.i386                    2.5.8-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libmicrohttpd.i386                      0.3.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libmicrohttpd-devel.i386                0.3.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libmicrohttpd-doc.i386                  0.3.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libmimedir-devel.i386                   0.4-3.fc7                 fedora        
libmimedir-static.i386                  0.4-3.fc7                 fedora        
libmlx4.i386                            1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
libmlx4-devel.i386                      1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
libmng.i386                             1.0.9-5.1                 fedora        
libmng-devel.i386                       1.0.9-5.1                 fedora        
libmodelfile.i386                       0.1.92-4.fc6              fedora        
libmodelfile-devel.i386                 0.1.92-4.fc6              fedora        
libmodplug.i386                         1:0.8.4-2.fc8             fedora        
libmodplug-devel.i386                   1:0.8.4-2.fc8             fedora        
libmowgli.i386                          0.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmowgli-devel.i386                    0.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmp4v2.i386                           1.5.0.1-5.fc8             fedora        
libmp4v2-devel.i386                     1.5.0.1-5.fc8             fedora        
libmpcdec.i386                          1.2.6-3.fc8               fedora        
libmpcdec-devel.i386                    1.2.6-3.fc8               fedora        
libmpd.i386                             0.15.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libmpd-devel.i386                       0.15.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libmspack.i386                          0.0-0.4.20060920alpha.fc8 updates-newkey
libmspack-devel.i386                    0.0-0.4.20060920alpha.fc8 updates-newkey
libmspack-doc.i386                      0.0-0.4.20060920alpha.fc8 updates-newkey
libmthca.i386                           1.0.4-1.fc7               fedora        
libmthca-devel-static.i386              1.0.4-1.fc7               fedora        
libmtp.i386                             0.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmtp-devel.i386                       0.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmtp-examples.i386                    0.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmudflap.i386                         4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libmudflap-devel.i386                   4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libmusicbrainz.i386                     2.1.5-2.fc8               fedora        
libmusicbrainz-devel.i386               2.1.5-2.fc8               fedora        
libmusicbrainz3.i386                    3.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libmusicbrainz3-devel.i386              3.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libnasl.i386                            2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libnasl-devel.i386                      2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libnasl-doc.i386                        2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libnc-dap.i386                          3.7.0-7.fc8               fedora        
libnc-dap-devel.i386                    3.7.0-7.fc8               fedora        
libnemesi.i386                          0.6.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
libnemesi-devel.i386                    0.6.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
libnemesi-tools.i386                    0.6.4-0.1.rc2.fc8         updates-newkey
libnet-devel.i386                       1.1.2.1-11.fc8            fedora        
libnet10.i386                           1.0.2a-12.fc7             fedora        
libnetfilter_conntrack-devel.i386       0.0.82-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libnetfilter_log.i386                   0.0.13-4.fc8              fedora        
libnetfilter_log-devel.i386             0.0.13-4.fc8              fedora        
libnetfilter_queue.i386                 0.0.15-1.fc8              fedora        
libnetfilter_queue-devel.i386           0.0.15-1.fc8              fedora        
libnfnetlink-devel.i386                 0.0.39-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libnids.i386                            1.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libnids-devel.i386                      1.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
libnjb.i386                             2.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libnjb-devel.i386                       2.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libnjb-examples.i386                    2.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libnl-devel.i386                        1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libnotify.i386                          0.4.4-8.fc8               fedora        
libnotify-devel.i386                    0.4.4-8.fc8               fedora        
libnova.i386                            0.12.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libnova-devel.i386                      0.12.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libnss-mysql.i386                       1.5-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
libntlm.i386                            1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libntlm-devel.i386                      1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libnxml.i386                            0.18.3-2.fc8.1            updates-newkey
libnxml-devel.i386                      0.18.3-2.fc8.1            updates-newkey
libobjc.i386                            4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libofa.i386                             0.9.3-10.fc8              fedora        
libofa-devel.i386                       0.9.3-10.fc8              fedora        
libofx.i386                             0.8.3-4                   fedora        
libofx-devel.i386                       0.8.3-4                   fedora        
libogg.i386                             2:1.1.3-5.fc8             fedora        
libogg-devel.i386                       2:1.1.3-5.fc8             fedora        
liboggz.i386                            0.9.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
liboggz-devel.i386                      0.9.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
liboil.i386                             0.3.12-11.fc8             fedora        
liboil-devel.i386                       0.3.12-11.fc8             fedora        
libopendaap.i386                        0.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libopendaap-devel.i386                  0.4.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libopenraw.i386                         0.0.2-5.fc7               fedora        
libopenraw-devel.i386                   0.0.2-5.fc7               fedora        
libopenraw-gnome.i386                   0.0.2-5.fc7               fedora        
libopenraw-gnome-devel.i386             0.0.2-5.fc7               fedora        
libopensync.i386                        0.22-4.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-devel.i386                  0.22-4.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-evolution2.i386      0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-evolution2-devel.i386
                                        0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-file.i386            0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-gpe.i386             0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-gpe-devel.i386       0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-irmc.i386            0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-kdepim.i386          0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-palm.i386            0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-palm-devel.i386      0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-python.i386          0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
libopensync-plugin-sunbird.i386         0.22-3.fc8                updates-newkey
libopensync-plugin-synce.i386           1:0.11.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libopm.i386                             0.1-7.20050731cvs.fc8     updates-newkey
libopm-devel.i386                       0.1-7.20050731cvs.fc8     updates-newkey
liborigin.i386                          20070115-4.fc8            fedora        
liborigin-devel.i386                    20070115-4.fc8            fedora        
libosip2.i386                           3.0.3-2.fc8               fedora        
libosip2-devel.i386                     3.0.3-2.fc8               fedora        
libotf.i386                             0.9.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libotf-devel.i386                       0.9.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libotr.i386                             3.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libotr-devel.i386                       3.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libp11.i386                             0.2.2-6.fc8               fedora        
libp11-devel.i386                       0.2.2-6.fc8               fedora        
libpanelappletmm.i386                   2.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libpanelappletmm-devel.i386             2.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libpano12.i386                          2.8.6-1.fc8               fedora        
libpano12-devel.i386                    2.8.6-1.fc8               fedora        
libpano12-tools.i386                    2.8.6-1.fc8               fedora        
libpano13.i386                          2.9.12-4.fc8              fedora        
libpano13-devel.i386                    2.9.12-4.fc8              fedora        
libpano13-tools.i386                    2.9.12-4.fc8              fedora        
libpaper.i386                           1.1.23-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libpaper-devel.i386                     1.1.23-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libpar2.i386                            0.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
libpar2-devel.i386                      0.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
libpcap-devel.i386                      14:0.9.7-3.fc8            fedora        
libpciaccess.i386                       0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libpciaccess-devel.i386                 0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libpfm.i386                             3.2-0.061205.3.fc8        fedora        
libpfm-devel.i386                       3.2-0.061205.3.fc8        fedora        
libpng-devel.i386                       2:1.2.33-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpng-static.i386                      2:1.2.33-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpng10.i386                           1.0.41-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libpng10-devel.i386                     1.0.41-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libpolyxmass.i386                       0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libpolyxmass-devel.i386                 0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
libpqxx.i386                            2.6.8-7.fc8               fedora        
libpqxx-devel.i386                      2.6.8-7.fc8               fedora        
libprelude.i386                         0.9.17.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libprelude-devel.i386                   0.9.17.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libprelude-perl.i386                    0.9.17.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libprelude-python.i386                  0.9.17.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb.i386                       0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-devel.i386                 0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-mysql.i386                 0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-perl.i386                  0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-pgsql.i386                 0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-python.i386                0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpreludedb-sqlite.i386                0.9.14.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
libpri.i386                             1.4.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libpri-devel.i386                       1.4.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libprojectM.i386                        1.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libprojectM-devel.i386                  1.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
libpurple.i386                          2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libpurple-devel.i386                    2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libpurple-perl.i386                     2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libpurple-tcl.i386                      2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libqalculate.i386                       0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
libqalculate-devel.i386                 0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
librapi.i386                            0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
librapi-devel.i386                      0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libraw1394.i386                         1.3.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
libraw1394-devel.i386                   1.3.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
libreadline-java.i386                   0.8.0-19.fc8              fedora        
libreadline-java-javadoc.i386           0.8.0-19.fc8              fedora        
libresample-devel.i386                  0.1.3-4.fc8               fedora        
librfid.i386                            0.1.0-3.1996svn.fc7       fedora        
librfid-devel.i386                      0.1.0-3.1996svn.fc7       fedora        
librra.i386                             0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
librra-devel.i386                       0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
librsvg2.i386                           2.18.2-2.fc8              fedora        
librsvg2-devel.i386                     2.18.2-2.fc8              fedora        
librsync.i386                           0.9.7-13.fc8              updates-newkey
librsync-devel.i386                     0.9.7-13.fc8              updates-newkey
librtfcomp.i386                         1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
librtfcomp-devel.i386                   1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
librtfcomp-python.i386                  1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
librx.i386                              1.5-9.fc8                 fedora        
librx-devel.i386                        1.5-9.fc8                 fedora        
libsamplerate.i386                      0.1.2-7.fc8               fedora        
libsamplerate-devel.i386                0.1.2-7.fc8               fedora        
libsane-hpaio.i386                      2.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libscigraphica.i386                     2.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
libscigraphica-devel.i386               2.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
libselinux-devel.i386                   2.0.43-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libselinux-python.i386                  2.0.43-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libsemanage.i386                        2.0.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libsemanage-devel.i386                  2.0.12-3.fc8              updates-newkey
libsepol-devel.i386                     2.0.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libsexy.i386                            0.1.11-3.fc8              fedora        
libsexy-devel.i386                      0.1.11-3.fc8              fedora        
libsexymm.i386                          0.1.9-4.fc8               fedora        
libsexymm-devel.i386                    0.1.9-4.fc8               fedora        
libshout.i386                           2.2.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libshout-devel.i386                     2.2.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libsidplay.i386                         1.36.57-14                fedora        
libsidplay-devel.i386                   1.36.57-14                fedora        
libsieve.i386                           2.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libsieve-devel.i386                     2.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libsigc++.i386                          1.2.7-5.fc8               fedora        
libsigc++-devel.i386                    1.2.7-5.fc8               fedora        
libsigc++20.i386                        2.0.18-1                  fedora        
libsigc++20-devel.i386                  2.0.18-1                  fedora        
libsigsegv.i386                         2.4-4.fc8                 fedora        
libsigsegv-devel.i386                   2.4-4.fc8                 fedora        
libsilc.i386                            1.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libsilc-devel.i386                      1.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
libsmbclient.i386                       3.0.33-0.fc8              updates-newkey
libsmbclient-devel.i386                 3.0.33-0.fc8              updates-newkey
libsmbios-devel.i386                    0.13.13-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libsmbios-unsupported-bin.i386          0.13.13-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libsmi.i386                             0.4.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libsmi-devel.i386                       0.4.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libsndfile.i386                         1.0.17-2.fc8              fedora        
libsndfile-devel.i386                   1.0.17-2.fc8              fedora        
libsoup.i386                            2.2.104-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libsoup-devel.i386                      2.2.104-1.fc8             updates-newkey
libspectre.i386                         0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libspectre-devel.i386                   0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libspectrum.i386                        0.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libspectrum-devel.i386                  0.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libssh2-devel.i386                      0.18-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libssh2-docs.i386                       0.18-5.fc8                updates-newkey
libstatgrab.i386                        0.15-1.fc8                fedora        
libstatgrab-devel.i386                  0.15-1.fc8                fedora        
libstatgrab-examples.i386               0.15-1.fc8                fedora        
libstdc++-devel.i386                    4.1.2-33                  fedora        
libstroke.i386                          0.5.1-16.fc8              fedora        
libstroke-devel.i386                    0.5.1-16.fc8              fedora        
libsvm.i386                             2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libsvm-devel.i386                       2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libsvm-java.i386                        2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libsvm-python.i386                      2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libsvm-svm-toy-gtk.i386                 2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libsvm-svm-toy-qt.i386                  2.88-2.fc8                updates-newkey
libswt3-gtk2.i386                       1:3.3.0-31.fc8            updates-newkey
libsx.i386                              2.05-12.fc7               fedora        
libsx-devel.i386                        2.05-12.fc7               fedora        
libsynaptics.i386                       0.14.6c-2.fc8             fedora        
libsynaptics-devel.i386                 0.14.6c-2.fc8             fedora        
libsynce.i386                           0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libsynce-devel.i386                     0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libsyncml.i386                          0.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libsyncml-devel.i386                    0.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
libsysfs-devel.i386                     2.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libtar.i386                             1.2.11-9.fc8              fedora        
libtar-devel.i386                       1.2.11-9.fc8              fedora        
libtasn1.i386                           1.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
libtasn1-devel.i386                     1.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
libtasn1-tools.i386                     1.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
libtcd.i386                             2.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libtcd-devel.i386                       2.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libtelepathy.i386                       0.0.57-1.fc8              fedora        
libtelepathy-devel.i386                 0.0.57-1.fc8              fedora        
libtermcap.i386                         2.0.8-47                  fedora        
libtermcap-devel.i386                   2.0.8-47                  fedora        
libtextcat.i386                         2.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
libtextcat-devel.i386                   2.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
libthai-devel.i386                      0.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libtheora.i386                          1.0beta2-3.fc8            updates-newkey
libtheora-devel.i386                    1.0beta2-3.fc8            updates-newkey
libtidy.i386                            0.99.0-16.20070615.fc8    fedora        
libtidy-devel.i386                      0.99.0-16.20070615.fc8    fedora        
libtiff-devel.i386                      3.8.2-11.fc8              updates-newkey
libtiff-static.i386                     3.8.2-11.fc8              updates-newkey
libtimidity.i386                        0.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libtimidity-devel.i386                  0.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libtirpc-devel.i386                     0.1.7-15.fc8              updates-newkey
libtlen.i386                            0-0.6.20060309.fc8        fedora        
libtlen-devel.i386                      0-0.6.20060309.fc8        fedora        
libtomcrypt.i386                        1.17-8.fc8                updates-newkey
libtomcrypt-devel.i386                  1.17-8.fc8                updates-newkey
libtomcrypt-doc.i386                    1.17-8.fc8                updates-newkey
libtommath.i386                         0.41-7.fc8                updates-newkey
libtommath-devel.i386                   0.41-7.fc8                updates-newkey
libtommath-doc.i386                     0.41-7.fc8                updates-newkey
libtomoe-gtk.i386                       0.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libtomoe-gtk-devel.i386                 0.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
libtool.i386                            1.5.24-3.fc8              fedora        
libtool-ltdl.i386                       1.5.24-3.fc8              fedora        
libtool-ltdl-devel.i386                 1.5.24-3.fc8              fedora        
libtorque.i386                          2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libtorque-devel.i386                    2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libtorrent.i386                         0.11.8-1.fc8              fedora        
libtorrent-devel.i386                   0.11.8-1.fc8              fedora        
libtranslate.i386                       0.99-12.fc8               updates-newkey
libtranslate-devel.i386                 0.99-12.fc8               updates-newkey
libtunepimp.i386                        0.5.3-11.fc8              updates-newkey
libtunepimp-devel.i386                  0.5.3-11.fc8              updates-newkey
libtwin.i386                            0.0.2-6.fc8               fedora        
libtwin-devel.i386                      0.0.2-6.fc8               fedora        
libuninameslist.i386                    0.0-7.20060907            fedora        
libuninameslist-devel.i386              0.0-7.20060907            fedora        
libuninum.i386                          2.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
libuninum-devel.i386                    2.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
libunwind.i386                          0.99-0.1.frysk20070405cvs.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
libunwind-devel.i386                    0.99-0.1.frysk20070405cvs.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
libupnp.i386                            1.6.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libupnp-devel.i386                      1.6.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libusb-devel.i386                       0.1.12-10.fc8             fedora        
libusb-static.i386                      0.1.12-10.fc8             fedora        
libuser-devel.i386                      0.56.6-2                  fedora        
libuser-python.i386                     0.56.6-2                  fedora        
libutempter-devel.i386                  1.1.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libvidcap.i386                          0.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libvidcap-devel.i386                    0.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
libvirt.i386                            0.4.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libvirt-devel.i386                      0.4.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libvirt-python.i386                     0.4.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libvisual.i386                          0.4.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libvisual-devel.i386                    0.4.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libvisual-plugins.i386                  0.4.0-4.fc8               fedora        
libvncserver.i386                       0.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libvncserver-devel.i386                 0.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libvoikko.i386                          1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libvoikko-devel.i386                    1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libvolume_id-devel.i386                 118-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
libvorbis.i386                          1:1.2.0-2.fc8             updates-newkey
libvorbis-devel.i386                    1:1.2.0-2.fc8             updates-newkey
libvpd.i386                             1.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libvpd-devel.i386                       1.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libvte-java.i386                        0.12.1-9.fc8              updates-newkey
libvte-java-devel.i386                  0.12.1-9.fc8              updates-newkey
libwcs.i386                             3.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
libwcs-devel.i386                       3.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
libwfut.i386                            0.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libwfut-devel.i386                      0.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libwfut-python.i386                     0.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
libwmf.i386                             0.2.8.4-17.fc8            fedora        
libwmf-devel.i386                       0.2.8.4-17.fc8            fedora        
libwnck.i386                            2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libwnck-devel.i386                      2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libwpd.i386                             0.8.12-1.fc8              fedora        
libwpd-devel.i386                       0.8.12-1.fc8              fedora        
libwpd-tools.i386                       0.8.12-1.fc8              fedora        
libwvstreams.i386                       4.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libwvstreams-devel.i386                 4.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxcb-devel.i386                       1.1-1.1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxcb-doc.i386                         1.1-1.1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfce4mcs.i386                        4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfce4mcs-devel.i386                  4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfce4util.i386                       4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfce4util-devel.i386                 4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfcegui4.i386                        4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxfcegui4-devel.i386                  4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libxkbfile.i386                         1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libxkbfile-devel.i386                   1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
libxklavier.i386                        3.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
libxklavier-devel.i386                  3.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
libxml.i386                             1:1.8.17-18.fc8           fedora        
libxml++.i386                           2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libxml++-devel.i386                     2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
libxml-devel.i386                       1:1.8.17-18.fc8           fedora        
libxml2-devel.i386                      2.7.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libxml2-python.i386                     2.7.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libxml2-static.i386                     2.7.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libxslt-devel.i386                      1.1.24-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libxslt-python.i386                     1.1.24-2.fc8              updates-newkey
libyahoo2.i386                          0.7.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libyahoo2-devel.i386                    0.7.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
libyaz.i386                             3.0.34-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libyaz-devel.i386                       3.0.34-1.fc8              updates-newkey
libytnef.i386                           1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
libytnef-devel.i386                     1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
libzip.i386                             0.8-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
libzip-devel.i386                       0.8-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
libzrtpcpp.i386                         1.3.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libzrtpcpp-devel.i386                   1.3.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
libzzub.i386                            0.2.3-12.fc8              updates-newkey
libzzub-devel.i386                      0.2.3-12.fc8              updates-newkey
licq.i386                               1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
licq-auto-reply.i386                    1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
licq-icqnd.i386                         1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
licq-kde.i386                           1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
licq-msn.i386                           1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
licq-osd.i386                           1.3.4-10.fc8              updates-newkey
liferea.i386                            1.4.15-6.fc8              updates-newkey
lightning.i386                          1.2-11.fc8                fedora        
lighttpd.i386                           1.4.19-4.fc8              updates-newkey
lighttpd-fastcgi.i386                   1.4.19-4.fc8              updates-newkey
lighttpd-mod_geoip.i386                 1.4.19-4.fc8              updates-newkey
lighttpd-mod_mysql_vhost.i386           1.4.19-4.fc8              updates-newkey
lilypond.i386                           2.10.33-1.fc8             fedora        
lilypond-doc.noarch                     2.10.13-1.fc7             fedora        
limph.noarch                            1.9.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
limph-common.noarch                     1.9.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
limph-hostagent.noarch                  1.9.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
lincity-ng.i386                         1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
lincity-ng-data.i386                    1.1.1-2.fc8               fedora        
lineak-defaultplugin.i386               0.9-2.fc6                 fedora        
lineak-kdeplugins.i386                  0.9-2.fc6                 fedora        
lineak-xosdplugin.i386                  0.9-2.fc6                 fedora        
lineakd.i386                            0.9-5.fc6                 fedora        
lineakd-devel.i386                      0.9-5.fc6                 fedora        
link-grammar.i386                       4.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
link-grammar-devel.i386                 4.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
linkage.i386                            0.1.4-4.fc8               fedora        
linkage-devel.i386                      0.1.4-4.fc8               fedora        
linkchecker.i386                        4.7-10.fc8                fedora        
linphone.i386                           1.7.1-4.fc8               fedora        
linphone-devel.i386                     1.7.1-4.fc8               fedora        
linpsk.i386                             0.9-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
linux-atm.i386                          2.5.0-4.20070823cvs       fedora        
linux-atm-libs.i386                     2.5.0-4.20070823cvs       fedora        
linux-atm-libs-devel.i386               2.5.0-4.20070823cvs       fedora        
linux-igd.i386                          1.0-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
linux-libertine-fonts.noarch            2.6.9-1.fc8               fedora        
linux_logo.i386                         5.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
linuxdcpp.i386                          1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
linuxdoc-tools.i386                     0.9.21-10.fc8             fedora        
linuxwacom.i386                         0.7.8.3-3.fc8             fedora        
linuxwacom-devel.i386                   0.7.8.3-3.fc8             fedora        
lipstik.i386                            2.2.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
liquidwar.i386                          5.6.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
liquidwar-doc.i386                      5.6.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
liquidwar-server.i386                   5.6.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lirc.i386                               0.8.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lirc-devel.i386                         0.8.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lirc-doc.i386                           0.8.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lirc-libs.i386                          0.8.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
listen.i386                             0.5-16.fc8                updates-newkey
livecd-tools.i386                       013.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lklug-fonts.noarch                      0.2.2-5.fc8               fedora        
lksctp-tools.i386                       1.0.7-2.fc8               fedora        
lksctp-tools-devel.i386                 1.0.7-2.fc8               fedora        
lksctp-tools-doc.i386                   1.0.7-2.fc8               fedora        
llvm.i386                               2.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
llvm-devel.i386                         2.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
llvm-doc.i386                           2.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
lm_sensors.i386                         2.10.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
lm_sensors-devel.i386                   2.10.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
lm_sensors-eepromer.i386                2.10.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
lm_sensors-sensord.i386                 2.10.6-2.fc8              updates-newkey
lmarbles.i386                           1.0.7-8                   fedora        
lock-keys-applet.i386                   1.0-13.fc8                fedora        
lockdev.i386                            1.0.1-11.fc8.1            fedora        
lockdev-devel.i386                      1.0.1-11.fc8.1            fedora        
log4j.i386                              1.2.14-3jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
log4j-javadoc.i386                      1.2.14-3jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
log4j-manual.i386                       1.2.14-3jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
log4net.i386                            1.2.10-3.fc8              updates-newkey
log4net-devel.i386                      1.2.10-3.fc8              updates-newkey
logjam.i386                             1:4.5.3-25.fc8            updates-newkey
logjam-xmms.i386                        1:4.5.3-25.fc8            updates-newkey
logserial.i386                          0.4.2-5.fc8.1             fedora        
lohit-fonts-bengali.noarch              2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-gujarati.noarch             2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-hindi.noarch                2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-kannada.noarch              2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-malayalam.noarch            2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-oriya.noarch                2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-punjabi.noarch              2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-tamil.noarch                2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lohit-fonts-telugu.noarch               2.1.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
loki-lib.i386                           0.1.6-4.fc8.1             fedora        
loki-lib-devel.i386                     0.1.6-4.fc8.1             fedora        
loki-lib-doc.i386                       0.1.6-4.fc8.1             fedora        
londonlaw.noarch                        0.2.1-2.fc8               fedora        
lostirc.i386                            0.4.6-3.fc8               fedora        
lostlabyrinth.i386                      3.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lostlabyrinth-graphics.noarch           2.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lostlabyrinth-sounds.noarch             2.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
loudmouth.i386                          1.2.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
loudmouth-devel.i386                    1.2.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
lout.i386                               3.36-1.fc8                updates-newkey
lpsk31.i386                             1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lrmi.i386                               0.10-3.fc8                fedora        
lrmi-devel.i386                         0.10-3.fc8                fedora        
lrzip.i386                              0.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
lrzsz.i386                              0.12.20-22.1              fedora        
lsdvd.i386                              0.16-5.fc8                fedora        
lshw.i386                               B.02.13-3.fc8             updates-newkey
lshw-gui.i386                           B.02.13-3.fc8             updates-newkey
lslk.i386                               1.29-18.fc7               fedora        
lsnipes.i386                            0.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
lsscsi.i386                             0.21-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ltrace.i386                             0.5-9.45svn.fc8           fedora        
ltsp-utils.noarch                       0.25-4.fc6                fedora        
lua.i386                                5.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-devel.i386                          5.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-expat.i386                          1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
lua-filesystem.i386                     1.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-logging.noarch                      1.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-lpeg.i386                           0.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lua-posix.i386                          5.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-socket.i386                         2.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-sql.i386                            2.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-sql-doc.i386                        2.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-sql-mysql.i386                      2.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-sql-postgresql.i386                 2.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-sql-sqlite.i386                     2.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lua-static.i386                         5.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
luadoc.noarch                           3.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lucene.i386                             1.9.1-1jpp.5.fc8          fedora        
lucene-contrib.i386                     1.9.1-1jpp.5.fc8          fedora        
lucene-demo.i386                        1.9.1-1jpp.5.fc8          fedora        
lucene-javadoc.i386                     1.9.1-1jpp.5.fc8          fedora        
lucidlife.i386                          0.9.2-2.fc8               fedora        
luma.noarch                             2.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lure.noarch                             1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lush.i386                               1.2.1-1.fc7               fedora        
lv.i386                                 4.51-12.fc8               fedora        
lvm2-cluster.i386                       2.02.28-1.fc8             fedora        
lwp.i386                                2.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lwp-devel.i386                          2.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lx.i386                                 20030328-2.fc8            fedora        
lxlauncher.i386                         0.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lxpanel.i386                            0.2.9.0-1.fc8             updates-newkey
lxsession-lite.i386                     0.3.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
lxsplit.i386                            0.2.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
lxtask.i386                             0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
lxterminal.i386                         0.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lybniz.noarch                           1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lynis.noarch                            1.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
lynx.i386                               2.8.6-12.fc8              updates-newkey
lyx.i386                                1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
lzma.i386                               4.32.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
lzma-devel.i386                         4.32.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
lzma-libs.i386                          4.32.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
lzo.i386                                2.02-3.fc8                fedora        
lzo-devel.i386                          2.02-3.fc8                fedora        
lzop.i386                               1.02-0.5.rc1.fc8          fedora        
m17n-contrib.noarch                     1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-assamese.noarch            1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-bengali.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-esperanto.noarch           1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-gujarati.noarch            1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-hindi.noarch               1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-kannada.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-malayalam.noarch           1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-marathi.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-nepali.noarch              1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-oriya.noarch               1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-punjabi.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-russian.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-sinhala.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-tai.noarch                 1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-tamil.noarch               1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-telugu.noarch              1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-urdu.noarch                1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-contrib-vietnamese.noarch          1.1.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db.noarch                          1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-amharic.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-arabic.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-armenian.noarch                 1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-assamese.noarch                 1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-bengali.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-cham.noarch                     1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-chinese.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-common-cjk.noarch               1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-croatian.noarch                 1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-danish.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-datafiles.noarch                1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-devel.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-dhivehi.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-farsi.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-french.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-generic.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-greek.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-gregorian.noarch                1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-gujarati.noarch                 1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-hebrew.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-hindi.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-japanese.noarch                 1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-kannada.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-kazakh.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-khmer.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-korean.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-lao.noarch                      1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-latin.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-malayalam.noarch                1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-myanmar.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-oriya.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-punjabi.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-russian.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-serbian.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-sinhala.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-slovak.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-swedish.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-syriac.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-tamil.noarch                    1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-telugu.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-thai.noarch                     1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-tibetan.noarch                  1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-uyghur.noarch                   1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-db-vietnamese.noarch               1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-lib.i386                           1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m17n-lib-devel.i386                     1.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
m2crypto.i386                           0.18-2                    fedora        
mISDN.i386                              1.1.5-1.fc8               fedora        
mISDN-devel.i386                        1.1.5-1.fc8               fedora        
mac-robber.i386                         1.00-1.fc8                updates-newkey
macchanger.i386                         1.5.0-3.fc7               fedora        
mach.i386                               0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
machineball.i386                        1.0-4.fc8                 fedora        
madan-fonts.noarch                      1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
magic.i386                              7.5.147-1.fc8             updates-newkey
magic-doc.i386                          7.5.147-1.fc8             updates-newkey
magicmaze.i386                          1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
magicor.noarch                          1.1-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
mail-notification.i386                  4.1-4.1                   fedora        
mail-notification-evolution-plugin.i386 4.1-4.1                   fedora        
maildrop.i386                           2.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
mailgraph.noarch                        1.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mailgraph-selinux.noarch                1.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mailman.i386                            3:2.1.9-8.2.fc8           updates-newkey
mairix.i386                             0.21-1.fc8                updates-newkey
makebootfat.i386                        1.4-6.fc8                 fedora        
makehuman.i386                          0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
malaga.i386                             7.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
malaga-devel.i386                       7.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
malaga-suomi-voikko.i386                1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
man-pages-cs.noarch                     0.17.20070905-1.fc8       updates-newkey
man-pages-da.noarch                     0.1.1-13.fc7              fedora        
man-pages-de.noarch                     0.5-1.fc7                 fedora        
man-pages-es.noarch                     1.55-5.fc8                updates-newkey
man-pages-es-extra.noarch               1.55-5.fc8                updates-newkey
man-pages-fr.noarch                     3.03.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
man-pages-it.noarch                     2.80-1.fc8                updates-newkey
man-pages-ja.noarch                     20070915-1.fc8            fedora        
man-pages-ko.noarch                     2:20050219-5.fc8          updates-newkey
man-pages-pl.noarch                     0.24-3.fc7                fedora        
man-pages-ru.noarch                     0.97-2.fc7                fedora        
man-pages-uk.noarch                     0.1-0.5.20060830.fc8      fedora        
manaworld.i386                          0.0.24.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
manaworld-music.noarch                  0.0.20-2.fc8              fedora        
manedit.i386                            1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
maniadrive.i386                         1.2-9.fc8.1               updates-newkey
maniadrive-data.noarch                  1.2-2.fc8                 fedora        
maniadrive-music.noarch                 1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
maniadrive-track-editor.i386            1.2-9.fc8.1               updates-newkey
mantis.noarch                           1.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mantis-config-httpd.noarch              1.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mapnik.i386                             0.5.2-0.4.svn738.fc8      updates-newkey
mapnik-demo.i386                        0.5.2-0.4.svn738.fc8      updates-newkey
mapnik-devel.i386                       0.5.2-0.4.svn738.fc8      updates-newkey
mapnik-python.i386                      0.5.2-0.4.svn738.fc8      updates-newkey
mapnik-utils.i386                       0.5.2-0.4.svn738.fc8      updates-newkey
mapserver.i386                          4.10.3-2.fc8              fedora        
mapserver-java.i386                     4.10.3-2.fc8              fedora        
mapserver-perl.i386                     4.10.3-2.fc8              fedora        
mapserver-python.i386                   4.10.3-2.fc8              fedora        
marble.i386                             0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
marble-devel.i386                       0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
mash.noarch                             0.2.10-3.fc8              updates-newkey
matchbox-window-manager.i386            1.2-1                     fedora        
mathml-fonts.noarch                     1.0-21.fc6                fedora        
mathomatic.i386                         14.1.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mathomatic-tools.i386                   14.1.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
maven-doxia.i386                        1.0-0.1.a7.3jpp.5.fc8     fedora        
maven-doxia-javadoc.i386                1.0-0.1.a7.3jpp.5.fc8     fedora        
maven-jxr.i386                          1.0-2jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
maven-jxr-javadoc.i386                  1.0-2jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
maven-scm.i386                          1.0-0.1.b3.2jpp.2.fc8     fedora        
maven-scm-javadoc.i386                  1.0-0.1.b3.2jpp.2.fc8     fedora        
maven-scm-test.i386                     1.0-0.1.b3.2jpp.2.fc8     fedora        
maven-shared.i386                       1.0-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
maven-shared-file-management.i386       1.0-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
maven-shared-file-management-javadoc.i386
                                        1.0-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
maven-shared-plugin-testing-harness.i386
                                        1.0-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
maven-shared-plugin-testing-harness-javadoc.i386
                                        1.0-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
maven-surefire.i386                     1.5.3-2jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
maven-surefire-booter.i386              1.5.3-2jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
maven-surefire-booter-javadoc.i386      1.5.3-2jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
maven-surefire-javadoc.i386             1.5.3-2jpp.4.fc8          fedora        
maven-wagon.noarch                      1.0-0.1.a5.3jpp.1.fc7     fedora        
maven2.i386                             2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-common-poms.noarch               1.0-4jpp.2.fc7            fedora        
maven2-javadoc.i386                     2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-manual.i386                      2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-ant.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-antlr.i386                2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-antrun.i386               2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-assembly.i386             2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-checkstyle.i386           2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-clean.i386                2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-compiler.i386             2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-dependency.i386           2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-deploy.i386               2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-ear.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-eclipse.i386              2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-ejb.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-help.i386                 2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-idea.i386                 2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-install.i386              2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-jar.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-javadoc.i386              2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-jxr.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-one.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-plugin.i386               2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-pmd.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-project-info-reports.i386 2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-rar.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-release.i386              2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-repository.i386           2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-resources.i386            2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-site.i386                 2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-source.i386               2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-surefire.i386             2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-surefire-report.i386      2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-verifier.i386             2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maven2-plugin-war.i386                  2.0.4-10jpp.8.fc8         fedora        
maxima.i386                             5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
maxima-gui.i386                         5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
maxima-runtime-clisp.i386               5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
maxima-runtime-cmucl.i386               5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
maxima-runtime-gcl.i386                 5.13.0-7.fc8              fedora        
maxima-runtime-sbcl.i386                5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
maxima-src.i386                         5.16.3-4.fc8              updates-newkey
mboxgrep.i386                           0.7.9-4.fc7               fedora        
mbuffer.i386                            20070502-1.fc7            fedora        
mc.i386                                 1:4.6.1a-50.20070604cvs.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
mcabber.i386                            0.9.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mcpp.i386                               2.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mcpp-doc.i386                           2.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mcrypt.i386                             2.6.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mcs.i386                                0.4.1-3.fc7               fedora        
mcs-devel.i386                          0.4.1-3.fc7               fedora        
mcs-libs.i386                           0.4.1-3.fc7               fedora        
mcstrans.i386                           0.2.7-1.fc8               fedora        
md5deep.i386                            3.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mdbtools.i386                           0.6-0.3.cvs20051109.fc8   fedora        
mdbtools-devel.i386                     0.6-0.3.cvs20051109.fc8   fedora        
mdbtools-gui.i386                       0.6-0.3.cvs20051109.fc8   fedora        
mdbtools-libs.i386                      0.6-0.3.cvs20051109.fc8   fedora        
mdsplib.i386                            0.11-5.fc8                fedora        
mdsplib-devel.i386                      0.11-5.fc8                fedora        
meanwhile.i386                          1.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
meanwhile-devel.i386                    1.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
meanwhile-doc.i386                      1.0.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
mecab.i386                              0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mecab-devel.i386                        0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mecab-ipadic.i386                       2.7.0.20070801-1.fc8      fedora        
mecab-ipadic-EUCJP.i386                 2.7.0.20070801-1.fc8      fedora        
mecab-java.i386                         0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mecab-jumandic.i386                     5.1.20070304-1.fc7.1      fedora        
mecab-jumandic-EUCJP.i386               5.1.20070304-1.fc7.1      fedora        
mediatomb.i386                          0.11.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mediawiki.i386                          1.13.3-41.99.fc8          updates-newkey
mediawiki-HNP.noarch                    1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mediawiki-ParserFunctions.noarch        1.1.1-1.20080520svn35130.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
mediawiki-SpecialInterwiki.noarch       0-0.3.20080606svn.fc8     updates-newkey
mediawiki-StubManager.noarch            1.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mediawiki-imagemap.noarch               0-0.1.r37906.fc8          updates-newkey
mediawiki-openid.noarch                 0.8.2-7.0.1               updates-newkey
meld.noarch                             1.1.5-4.fc8               updates-newkey
memcached.i386                          1.2.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
memcached-selinux.i386                  1.2.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
memchan.i386                            2.2.1-3.fc8               fedora        
memchan-devel.i386                      2.2.1-3.fc8               fedora        
memtest86+.i386                         1.70-4.fc8                fedora        
memtester.i386                          4.0.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
mencal.noarch                           2.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
mercator.i386                           0.2.5-2.fc8               fedora        
mercator-devel.i386                     0.2.5-2.fc8               fedora        
mercurial.i386                          1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mercurial-hgk.i386                      1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mesa-demos.i386                         7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libGL.i386                         7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libGL-devel.i386                   7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libGLU.i386                        7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libGLU-devel.i386                  7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libGLw.i386                        6.5.1-4.fc8               fedora        
mesa-libGLw-devel.i386                  6.5.1-4.fc8               fedora        
mesa-libOSMesa.i386                     7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-libOSMesa-devel.i386               7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mesa-source.i386                        7.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
messiggy.i386                           0.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
metacafe-dl.noarch                      2008.07.23-1.fc8          updates-newkey
metacity.i386                           2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
metacity-devel.i386                     2.20.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
metakit.i386                            2.4.9.7-3.fc8             fedora        
metakit-devel.i386                      2.4.9.7-3.fc8             fedora        
metamonitor.i386                        0.4.5-3.fc6               fedora        
metapixel.i386                          1.0.2-2.fc8               fedora        
methane.i386                            1.4.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
mew.i386                                5.2.51-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mew-common.i386                         5.2.51-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mew-xemacs.i386                         5.2.51-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mfiler2.i386                            4.0.9b-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mfiler2-mdnd.i386                       4.0.9b-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mfiler3.i386                            2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mfiler3-mdnd.i386                       2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mfstools.i386                           2.0-12.snapshot050221.fc8 fedora        
mftrace.i386                            1.2.14-2.fc8              fedora        
mgetty.i386                             1.1.33-11.fc8             fedora        
mgetty-sendfax.i386                     1.1.33-11.fc8             fedora        
mgetty-viewfax.i386                     1.1.33-11.fc8             fedora        
mgetty-voice.i386                       1.1.33-11.fc8             fedora        
mgopen-fonts.noarch                     0.20050515-5.fc6          fedora        
mhash.i386                              0.9.9-3                   fedora        
mhash-devel.i386                        0.9.9-3                   fedora        
mhgui.i386                              0.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
mhgui-devel.i386                        0.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
mhonarc.noarch                          2.6.16-4.fc8              fedora        
miau.i386                               0.6.4-2.fc8               fedora        
midori.i386                             0.0.18-1.fc8              updates-newkey
migemo.noarch                           0.40-9.fc7                fedora        
migemo-emacs.noarch                     0.40-9.fc7                fedora        
migemo-xemacs.noarch                    0.40-9.fc7                fedora        
mikmod.i386                             3.2.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
mikmod-devel.i386                       3.2.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
milkytracker.i386                       0.90.80-3.fc8             updates-newkey
milter-greylist.i386                    4.0-0.2.rc1.fc8           fedora        
milter-greylist-sysv.i386               4.0-0.2.rc1.fc8           fedora        
milter-regex.i386                       1.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
mimedefang.i386                         2.65-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mimetex.i386                            1.60-3.fc6                fedora        
mimetic.i386                            0.9.3-2.fc8               fedora        
mimetic-devel.i386                      0.9.3-2.fc8               fedora        
min12xxw.i386                           0.0.9-2.fc8               fedora        
minicom.i386                            2.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
minirpc.i386                            0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
minirpc-devel.i386                      0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
minisat2.i386                           2.0-7.20070721.fc8        updates-newkey
minizip.i386                            1.2.3-14.fc8              fedora        
minizip-devel.i386                      1.2.3-14.fc8              fedora        
mirage.i386                             0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mirrormagic.i386                        2.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
mkbootdisk.i386                         1.5.3-2.1                 fedora        
mkdst.noarch                            0.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mkelfimage.i386                         2.7-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
mkinitrd-devel.i386                     6.0.19-4.fc8              fedora        
mknbi.i386                              1.4.4-11.fc8              fedora        
mksh.i386                               36b-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mkvtoolnix.i386                         2.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mkvtoolnix-gui.i386                     2.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mlmmj.i386                              1.2.15-1.fc8              fedora        
mlton.i386                              20070826-12.fc8           updates-newkey
mlvirsh.i386                            0.4.1.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
mm.i386                                 1.4.2-2.fc6               fedora        
mm-devel.i386                           1.4.2-2.fc6               fedora        
mm3d.i386                               1.3.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
mmv.i386                                1.01b-9.fc8               fedora        
mock.i386                               0.7.6-1.fc8               fedora        
mock.noarch                             0.9.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mod_annodex.i386                        0.2.2-7.fc8               fedora        
mod_auth_kerb.i386                      5.3-6                     fedora        
mod_auth_mysql.i386                     1:3.0.0-5                 fedora        
mod_auth_ntlm_winbind.i386              0.0.0-0.7.20070129svn713.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
mod_auth_pam.i386                       1.1.1-5.fc8               fedora        
mod_auth_pgsql.i386                     2.0.3-6                   fedora        
mod_auth_shadow.i386                    2.2-3.fc7                 fedora        
mod_authz_ldap.i386                     0.26-7.1                  fedora        
mod_bw.i386                             0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
mod_cband.i386                          0.9.7.5-1.fc7             fedora        
mod_dav_svn.i386                        1.4.4-7                   fedora        
mod_dnssd.i386                          0.5-5.fc8                 fedora        
mod_evasive.i386                        1.10.1-4.1.fc8            fedora        
mod_extract_forwarded.i386              2.0.2-2.fc6               fedora        
mod_fcgid.i386                          2.2-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
mod_fcgid-selinux.i386                  2.2-1.fc8                 fedora        
mod_geoip.i386                          1.2.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
mod_mono.i386                           1.2.1-1.fc7               fedora        
mod_nss.i386                            1.0.7-8.fc8               updates-newkey
mod_perl.i386                           2.0.3-14                  fedora        
mod_perl-devel.i386                     2.0.3-14                  fedora        
mod_python.i386                         3.3.1-5                   fedora        
mod_q.i386                              7.6-2.fc7                 fedora        
mod_revocator.i386                      1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
mod_security.i386                       2.5.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mod_speedycgi.i386                      2.22-4.fc8                updates-newkey
mod_ssl.i386                            1:2.2.9-1.fc8             updates-newkey
mod_wsgi.i386                           1.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
modcluster.i386                         0.13.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
modello.noarch                          1.0-0.1.a8.4jpp.3.fc7     fedora        
modello-javadoc.noarch                  1.0-0.1.a8.4jpp.3.fc7     fedora        
modplugplay.i386                        2.05-11.fc8               fedora        
moe.i386                                1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
moin.noarch                             1.5.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moin-latex.noarch                       0-0.20051126.3.fc6        fedora        
mona.i386                               1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-devel.i386                         1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-emacs.i386                         1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-emacs-el.i386                      1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-examples.i386                      1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-fonts-VLGothic.noarch              2.90-4.fc8.1              updates-newkey
mona-fonts-bitmap.noarch                2.90-4.fc8.1              updates-newkey
mona-fonts-sazanami.noarch              2.90-4.fc8.1              updates-newkey
mona-libs.i386                          1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-xemacs.i386                        1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mona-xemacs-el.i386                     1.4r13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
monit.i386                              4.10.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
monitor-edid.i386                       2.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
monkey-bubble.i386                      0.4.0-8.fc8               fedora        
mono-addins.i386                        0.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
mono-addins-devel.i386                  0.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
mono-core.i386                          1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data.i386                          1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data-firebird.i386                 1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data-oracle.i386                   1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data-postgresql.i386               1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data-sqlite.i386                   1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-data-sybase.i386                   1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-debugger.i386                      0.31-2.fc7                fedora        
mono-debugger-devel.i386                0.31-2.fc7                fedora        
mono-devel.i386                         1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-extras.i386                        1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-jscript.i386                       1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-locale-extras.i386                 1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-nunit.i386                         1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-nunit-devel.i386                   1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-web.i386                           1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-winforms.i386                      1.2.5.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
mono-zeroconf.i386                      0.7.5-4.fc8               updates-newkey
mono-zeroconf-devel.i386                0.7.5-4.fc8               updates-newkey
monodevelop.i386                        0.13.1-1.fc7              fedora        
monodevelop-devel.i386                  0.13.1-1.fc7              fedora        
monodoc.i386                            1.2.3-1.fc7               fedora        
monodoc-devel.i386                      1.2.3-1.fc7               fedora        
monosim.i386                            1.3.0.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
monotone.i386                           0.41-1.fc8                updates-newkey
monotone-server.i386                    0.41-1.fc8                updates-newkey
monotone-viz.i386                       1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
monsterz.i386                           0.7.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
monsterz-data.i386                      0.7.0-8.fc8               fedora        
moodbar.i386                            0.1.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle.noarch                           1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-af.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ar.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-be.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-bg.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-bn.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-bs.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ca.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-cs.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-cy.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-da.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-de.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-de_du.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-el.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-es.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-et.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-eu.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-fa.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-fi.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-fil.noarch                       1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-fr.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-fr_ca.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ga.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-gl.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-gu.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-he.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-hi.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-hr.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-hu.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-hy.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-id.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-is.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-it.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ja.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ka.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-km.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-kn.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ko.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-lo.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-lt.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-lv.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-mi_tn.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-mi_wwow.noarch                   1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-mk.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ml.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-mn.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ms.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-nl.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-nn.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-no.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-no_gr.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-pl.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-pt.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-pt_br.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ro.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ru.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-si.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sk.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sl.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sm.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-so.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sq.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sr_cr.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sr_cr_bo.noarch                  1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sr_lt.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-sv.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ta.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-ta_lk.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-th.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-tl.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-to.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-tr.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-uk.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-uz.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-vi.noarch                        1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-zh_cn.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodle-zh_tw.noarch                     1.8.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
moodss.i386                             21.5-2.fc8                fedora        
moomps.i386                             5.8-2.fc7                 fedora        
moreutils.i386                          0.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mosml.i386                              2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-devel.i386                        2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-docs.i386                         2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-examples.i386                     2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-gd.i386                           2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-gdbm.i386                         2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
mosml-pg.i386                           2.01-9.fc7                fedora        
most.i386                               5.0.0-0.a.1.fc8           fedora        
moto4lin.i386                           0.3-6.fc7                 fedora        
mousepad.i386                           0.2.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mozilla-opensc-signer.i386              0.11.4-1.fc8              fedora        
mozldap.i386                            6.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mozldap-devel.i386                      6.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mozldap-tools.i386                      6.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mozplugger.i386                         1.7.3-3.1                 fedora        
mpage.i386                              2.5.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
mpc.i386                                0.12.1-1.fc8              fedora        
mpfr.i386                               2.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
mpfr-devel.i386                         2.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
mrtg.i386                               2.15.1-6.fc8              fedora        
mrxvt.i386                              0.5.2-10.fc8              fedora        
ms-sys.i386                             2.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
msmtp.i386                              1.4.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
msort.i386                              8.46-1.fc8                updates-newkey
msv-demo.i386                           1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-manual.i386                         1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-msv.i386                            1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-msv-javadoc.i386                    1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-relames.i386                        1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-relames-javadoc.i386                1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-rngconv.i386                        1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-xmlgen.i386                         1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-xmlgen-javadoc.i386                 1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-xsdlib.i386                         1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
msv-xsdlib-javadoc.i386                 1:1.2-0.1.20050722.3jpp.3.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
mt-daapd.i386                           1:0.2.4.2-4.fc8           updates-newkey
mt-st.i386                              0.9b-4.fc8                fedora        
mtd-utils.i386                          1.1.0-2.fc8               fedora        
mtools.i386                             3.9.11-2.fc8              fedora        
mtpaint.i386                            3.21-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mtpaint-handbook.i386                   3.21-1.fc8                updates-newkey
mtr-gtk.i386                            2:0.72-3.fc8              fedora        
mtx.i386                                1.3.11-2.fc8              fedora        
muParser.i386                           1.28-2.fc8                fedora        
muParser-devel.i386                     1.28-2.fc8                fedora        
mugshot.i386                            1.1.58-1.fc8              updates-newkey
mugshot-devel.i386                      1.1.58-1.fc8              updates-newkey
muine.i386                              0.8.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
muine-devel.i386                        0.8.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
muine-scrobbler.i386                    0.1.8-2.fc8               fedora        
multican.i386                           0.0.5-2.fc8               fedora        
multican-devel.i386                     0.0.5-2.fc8               fedora        
multiget.i386                           1.2.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
multisync.i386                          0.91.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
multisync-gui.i386                      0.91.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
multitail.i386                          4.2.0-2.fc6               fedora        
munin.noarch                            1.2.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
munin-node.noarch                       1.2.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
museek+.i386                            0.1.13-1.fc8              fedora        
musicbox.i386                           0.2.3-5.fc6               fedora        
mussh.noarch                            0.7-2.fc8                 fedora        
mutt.i386                               5:1.5.18-2.fc8            updates-newkey
mx.i386                                 2.0.6-3                   fedora        
mx4j.i386                               1:3.0.1-6jpp.4            fedora        
mx4j-javadoc.i386                       1:3.0.1-6jpp.4            fedora        
mx4j-manual.i386                        1:3.0.1-6jpp.4            fedora        
mxml.i386                               2.2.2-7.fc6               fedora        
mxml-devel.i386                         2.2.2-7.fc6               fedora        
mybashburn.noarch                       1.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
mypaint.i386                            0.5.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
mysql.i386                              5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql++.i386                            2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
mysql++-devel.i386                      2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
mysql++-manuals.i386                    2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
mysql-administrator.i386                5.0r12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-bench.i386                        5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-connector-java.i386               1:3.1.12-3.fc6            fedora        
mysql-connector-odbc.i386               3.51.14r248-2.fc8         fedora        
mysql-devel.i386                        5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-gui-common.i386                   5.0r12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-gui-tools.i386                    5.0r12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-libs.i386                         5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-proxy.i386                        0.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
mysql-query-browser.i386                5.0r12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-server.i386                       5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mysql-test.i386                         5.0.45-6.fc8              updates-newkey
mytop.noarch                            1.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
nabi.i386                               0.18-7.fc8                fedora        
nafees-web-naskh-fonts.noarch           1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
nagi.i386                               2.06-4.fc8                fedora        
nagios.i386                             2.11-3.fc8                updates-newkey
nagios-devel.i386                       2.11-3.fc8                updates-newkey
nagios-plugins.i386                     1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-all.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-apt.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-breeze.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-by_ssh.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-check_sip.i386           1.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-cluster.i386             1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-dhcp.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-dig.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-disk.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-disk_smb.i386            1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-dns.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-dummy.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-file_age.i386            1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-flexlm.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-fping.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-game.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-hpjd.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-http.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-icmp.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ide_smart.i386           1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ifoperstatus.i386        1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ifstatus.i386            1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ircd.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ldap.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-linux_raid.i386          1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-load.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-log.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-mailq.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-mrtg.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-mrtgtraf.i386            1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-mysql.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-nagios.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-nrpe.i386                2.7-3.fc7                 fedora        
nagios-plugins-nt.i386                  1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ntp.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-nwstat.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-oracle.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-overcr.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-perl.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-pgsql.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ping.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-procs.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-radius.i386              1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-real.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-rpc.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-sensors.i386             1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-smtp.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-snmp.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-snmp-disk-proc.i386      1.0-3.fc7                 fedora        
nagios-plugins-ssh.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-swap.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-tcp.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-time.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-udp.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-ups.i386                 1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-users.i386               1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nagios-plugins-wave.i386                1.4.13-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nail.i386                               12.3-2.fc8                fedora        
naim.i386                               0.11.8.3.1-4.fc8          fedora        
namazu.i386                             2.0.18-4.fc8              updates-newkey
namazu-cgi.i386                         2.0.18-4.fc8              updates-newkey
namazu-devel.i386                       2.0.18-4.fc8              updates-newkey
nant.i386                               0.85-12.fc7               fedora        
nant-docs.i386                          0.85-12.fc7               fedora        
nas.i386                                1.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nas-devel.i386                          1.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nasm.i386                               0.98.39-5.fc7             fedora        
nasm-doc.i386                           0.98.39-5.fc7             fedora        
nasm-rdoff.i386                         0.98.39-5.fc7             fedora        
naturette.noarch                        1.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
nautilus.i386                           2.20.0-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nautilus-actions.i386                   1.4.1-2.fc8               fedora        
nautilus-bzr.i386                       0.94.0-5.fc8              updates-newkey
nautilus-cd-burner.i386                 2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
nautilus-cd-burner-devel.i386           2.20.0-1.fc8              fedora        
nautilus-devel.i386                     2.20.0-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nautilus-extensions.i386                2.20.0-9.fc8              updates-newkey
nautilus-flac-converter.i386            0.0.2-9.fc8               fedora        
nautilus-image-converter.i386           0.2.0-1.fc8               fedora        
nautilus-open-terminal.i386             0.8-2.fc8                 fedora        
nautilus-python.i386                    0.4.3-4.fc7               fedora        
nautilus-python-devel.i386              0.4.3-4.fc7               fedora        
nautilus-search-tool.i386               0.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
nautilus-sendto.i386                    1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nautilus-share.i386                     0.7.2-12.fc8              updates-newkey
nazghul.i386                            0.5.6-4.fc8               fedora        
nazghul-haxima.i386                     0.5.6-4.fc8               fedora        
nbd.i386                                2.9.7-3.fc8               fedora        
nbtscan.i386                            1.5.1-1.fc8               fedora        
nc6.i386                                1.0-5.fc8                 fedora        
ncarg.i386                              4.4.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ncarg-devel.i386                        4.4.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ncftp.i386                              2:3.2.1-1.fc8             fedora        
ncl.i386                                5.0.0-14.fc8              updates-newkey
ncl-devel.i386                          5.0.0-14.fc8              updates-newkey
ncl-examples.i386                       5.0.0-14.fc8              updates-newkey
ncmpc.i386                              0.11.1-8.fc8              fedora        
nco.i386                                3.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
nco-devel.i386                          3.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
ncompress.i386                          4.2.4-49.fc7              fedora        
ncpfs.i386                              2.2.6-8.fc8               fedora        
ncpfs-devel.i386                        2.2.6-8.fc8               fedora        
ncurses-devel.i386                      5.6-12.20070812.fc8       fedora        
ncurses-static.i386                     5.6-12.20070812.fc8       fedora        
ncview.i386                             1.92e-12.fc8              fedora        
ndesk-dbus.i386                         0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ndesk-dbus-devel.i386                   0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ndesk-dbus-glib.i386                    0.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ndesk-dbus-glib-devel.i386              0.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ndtpd.i386                              1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
neXtaw.i386                             0.15.1-11.fc8             fedora        
neXtaw-devel.i386                       0.15.1-11.fc8             fedora        
nec2c.i386                              0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
nedit.i386                              5.5-13.fc8                updates-newkey
nekohtml.noarch                         0.9.5-4jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
nekohtml-demo.noarch                    0.9.5-4jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
nekohtml-javadoc.noarch                 0.9.5-4jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
nemiver.i386                            0.5.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nemiver-devel.i386                      0.4.0-1.fc8               fedora        
nemiver-headers.i386                    0.5.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
neon.i386                               0.27.2-2                  fedora        
neon-devel.i386                         0.27.2-2                  fedora        
nes_ntsc.i386                           0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nes_ntsc-demos.i386                     0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nes_ntsc-devel.i386                     0.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nessus-client.i386                      2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-core.i386                        2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-core-devel.i386                  2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-gui.i386                         2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-libraries.i386                   2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-libraries-devel.i386             2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
nessus-server.i386                      2.2.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
net-snmp.i386                           1:5.4.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
net-snmp-devel.i386                     1:5.4.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
net-snmp-libs.i386                      1:5.4.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
net-snmp-perl.i386                      1:5.4.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
net-snmp-utils.i386                     1:5.4.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
net6.i386                               1.3.5-2.fc8               fedora        
net6-devel.i386                         1.3.5-2.fc8               fedora        
netatalk.i386                           4:2.0.3-15.fc8            fedora        
netatalk-devel.i386                     4:2.0.3-15.fc8            fedora        
netbsd-iscsi.i386                       20071205-1.fc8            updates-newkey
netcdf.i386                             3.6.2-4.fc8               fedora        
netcdf-decoders.i386                    4.1.5-1.fc8               fedora        
netcdf-devel.i386                       3.6.2-4.fc8               fedora        
netcdf-perl.i386                        1.2.3-4.fc8               fedora        
netcdf-static.i386                      3.6.2-4.fc8               fedora        
netembryo.i386                          0.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
netembryo-devel.i386                    0.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
netgen.i386                             1.3.7-12.fc8              fedora        
netgo.i386                              0.5-8.fc8                 fedora        
nethack.i386                            3.4.3-16.fc8              updates-newkey
nethack-vultures.i386                   2.1.0-10.fc8              fedora        
nethogs.i386                            0.7-3.20080627cvs.fc8     updates-newkey
netlabel_tools.i386                     0.17-7.fc8                updates-newkey
netmask.i386                            2.3.9-2.fc8               fedora        
netmonitor.i386                         0.5-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
netpanzer.i386                          0.8.2-1.fc8               fedora        
netpbm.i386                             10.35.48-1.fc8            updates-newkey
netpbm-devel.i386                       10.35.48-1.fc8            updates-newkey
netpbm-progs.i386                       10.35.48-1.fc8            updates-newkey
netstiff.noarch                         0-0.1.20080331.fc8        updates-newkey
nettle.i386                             1.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
nettle-devel.i386                       1.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
nettle-static.i386                      1.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
neverball.i386                          1.4.0-10.fc8              fedora        
newscache.i386                          1.2-0.4.rc6.fc6           fedora        
newsx.i386                              1.6-9.fc8                 updates-newkey
newt-devel.i386                         0.52.7-4.fc8              fedora        
newt-static.i386                        0.52.7-4.fc8              fedora        
nexcontrol.noarch                       0.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
nexuiz.i386                             2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
nexuiz-data.noarch                      2.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
nexuiz-server.i386                      2.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
nfs-utils-lib-devel.i386                1.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
nfs4-acl-tools.i386                     0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nfswatch.i386                           4.99.9-2.fc8              fedora        
nget.i386                               0.27.1-7.fc8              fedora        
nginx.i386                              0.6.33-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ngrep.i386                              1.45-3.fc8                fedora        
ngspice.i386                            17-15.fc8                 updates-newkey
ngspice-doc.i386                        17-15.fc8                 updates-newkey
nhpf.i386                               1.42-10                   fedora        
nickle.i386                             2.62-1.fc8                updates-newkey
nickle-devel.i386                       2.62-1.fc8                updates-newkey
nightfall.i386                          1.62-2.fc8                updates-newkey
nikto.noarch                            1.36-3.fc8                fedora        
ninja.i386                              1.5.8.1-7                 fedora        
nip2.i386                               7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
njam.i386                               1.25-6.fc8                fedora        
njb-sharp.i386                          0.3.0-8.fc7               fedora        
njb-sharp-devel.i386                    0.3.0-8.fc7               fedora        
nkf.i386                                1:2.0.8b-3.fc8            updates-newkey
nled.i386                               2.52-3.fc8                updates-newkey
nmap.i386                               2:4.52-1.fc8              updates-newkey
nmap-frontend.i386                      2:4.52-1.fc8              updates-newkey
nmh.i386                                1.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
nntpgrab.i386                           0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-core.i386                      0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-core-libs.i386                 0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-devel.i386                     0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-gui.i386                       0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-gui-base.i386                  0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-gui-networked.i386             0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-server.i386                    0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nntpgrab-web.i386                       0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
node.i386                               0.3.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
nodoka-metacity-theme.noarch            0.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
nodoka-theme-gnome.noarch               0.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
nogravity.i386                          2.00-5.fc8                updates-newkey
nogravity-data.noarch                   2.00-4.fc8                updates-newkey
nomarch.i386                            1.4-2.fc6                 fedora        
notecase.i386                           1.6.1-2.fc8               fedora        
notification-daemon.i386                0.3.7-6.fc8               fedora        
notification-daemon-engine-nodoka.i386  0.1.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
notify-python.i386                      0.1.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
npush.i386                              0.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
nqc.i386                                3.1.4-6.fc7               fedora        
nrg2iso.i386                            0.4-2.fc7                 fedora        
nrpe.i386                               2.7-3.fc7                 fedora        
nsd.i386                                3.0.6-5.fc8               fedora        
nspluginwrapper.i386                    0.9.91.5-18.fc8           updates-newkey
nspr-devel.i386                         4.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nss-devel.i386                          3.12.2.0-1.1.fc8          updates-newkey
nss-mdns.i386                           0.10-3.fc8                fedora        
nss-pkcs11-devel.i386                   3.12.2.0-1.1.fc8          updates-newkey
nss_compat_ossl.i386                    0.9.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
nss_compat_ossl-devel.i386              0.9.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ntfs-3g-devel.i386                      2:1.5012-4.fc8            updates-newkey
ntfs-config.noarch                      1.0-0.5.rc5.fc8           fedora        
ntfsprogs-devel.i386                    1.13.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ntfsprogs-gnomevfs.i386                 1.13.1-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ntl-devel.i386                          5.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ntop.i386                               3.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
numactl-devel.i386                      0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
numlockx.i386                           1.0-13.fc8                fedora        
numpy.i386                              1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
nut.i386                                2.2.0-6.1.fc8             updates-newkey
nut-cgi.i386                            2.2.0-6.1.fc8             updates-newkey
nut-client.i386                         2.2.0-6.1.fc8             updates-newkey
nut-devel.i386                          2.2.0-6.1.fc8             updates-newkey
nuttcp.i386                             5.3.1-3.fc7               fedora        
nvclock.i386                            0.8-0.4.b3a.fc8           updates-newkey
nvclock-gtk.i386                        0.8-0.4.b3a.fc8           updates-newkey
nx.i386                                 3.2.0-30.fc8              updates-newkey
nxt_python.noarch                       0.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
nyquist.i386                            2.37-1.fc8                updates-newkey
o3read.i386                             0.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
obby.i386                               0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
obby-devel.i386                         0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
obconf.i386                             2.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
obexfs.i386                             0.11-0.1.rc2.fc8          fedora        
obexftp.i386                            0.22-0.5.rc7.fc8          fedora        
obexftp-devel.i386                      0.22-0.5.rc7.fc8          fedora        
objectweb-anttask.noarch                1.3.2-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
objectweb-anttask-javadoc.noarch        1.3.2-1jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
obmenu.noarch                           1.0-5.fc8                 fedora        
ocaml.i386                              3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-SDL.i386                          0.7.2-7.fc7               fedora        
ocaml-SDL-devel.i386                    0.7.2-7.fc7               fedora        
ocaml-bitstring.i386                    1.9.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-bitstring-c.i386                  1.9.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-bitstring-devel.i386              1.9.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cairo.i386                        1.2.0.cvs20080301-1.fc8   updates-newkey
ocaml-cairo-devel.i386                  1.2.0.cvs20080301-1.fc8   updates-newkey
ocaml-calendar.i386                     1.10-9.fc8                fedora        
ocaml-calendar-devel.i386               1.10-9.fc8                fedora        
ocaml-camlidl.i386                      1.05-4.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-camlidl-devel.i386                1.05-4.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-camlimages.i386                   2.2.0-8.fc7               fedora        
ocaml-camlimages-devel.i386             2.2.0-8.fc7               fedora        
ocaml-camlp4.i386                       3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-camlp4-devel.i386                 3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-camlp5.i386                       5.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-camlp5-devel.i386                 5.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-camomile.i386                     0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-camomile-data.i386                0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-camomile-devel.i386               0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cil.i386                          1.3.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cil-cilly.i386                    1.3.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cil-devel.i386                    1.3.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cil-doc.i386                      1.3.6-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-cryptokit.i386                    1.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-cryptokit-devel.i386              1.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-csv.i386                          1.1.6-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-csv-devel.i386                    1.1.6-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-curl.i386                         0.2.1-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-curl-devel.i386                   0.2.1-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-curses.i386                       0.1-5.20020319.fc8        fedora        
ocaml-curses-devel.i386                 0.1-5.20020319.fc8        fedora        
ocaml-dbus.i386                         0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-dbus-devel.i386                   0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-deriving.i386                     0.1.1a-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-deriving-devel.i386               0.1.1a-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-docs.i386                         3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-emacs.i386                        3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-expat.i386                        0.9.1-8.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-expat-devel.i386                  0.9.1-8.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-extlib.i386                       1.5-8.fc8                 fedora        
ocaml-extlib-devel.i386                 1.5-8.fc8                 fedora        
ocaml-facile.i386                       1.1-2.fc8.1               updates-newkey
ocaml-facile-devel.i386                 1.1-2.fc8.1               updates-newkey
ocaml-fileutils.i386                    0.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-fileutils-devel.i386              0.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-findlib.i386                      1.1.2pl1-14.fc8           fedora        
ocaml-findlib-devel.i386                1.1.2pl1-14.fc8           fedora        
ocaml-gsl.i386                          0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-gsl-devel.i386                    0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-json-static.i386                  0.9.6-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-json-wheel.i386                   1.0.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-json-wheel-devel.i386             1.0.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-lablgl.i386                       1.02-16.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-lablgl-devel.i386                 1.02-16.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-lablgtk.i386                      2.6.0-10.20060908cvs.fc8  fedora        
ocaml-lablgtk-devel.i386                2.6.0-10.20060908cvs.fc8  fedora        
ocaml-lablgtk-doc.i386                  2.6.0-10.20060908cvs.fc8  fedora        
ocaml-labltk.i386                       3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-labltk-devel.i386                 3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-lacaml.i386                       4.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-lacaml-devel.i386                 4.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-libvirt.i386                      0.4.1.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
ocaml-libvirt-devel.i386                0.4.1.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
ocaml-mysql.i386                        1.0.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-mysql-devel.i386                  1.0.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamldoc.i386                     3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlgraph.i386                   0.99c-2.fc8.1             updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlgraph-devel.i386             0.99c-2.fc8.1             updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlnet.i386                     2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlnet-devel.i386               2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlnet-nethttpd.i386            2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ocamlnet-nethttpd-devel.i386      2.2.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-omake.i386                        0.9.8.5-3.fc8             updates-newkey
ocaml-openin.i386                       20070524-4.fc8            updates-newkey
ocaml-ounit.i386                        1.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ounit-devel.i386                  1.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-pa-monad.i386                     1.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-pcre.i386                         5.12.2-1.fc8              fedora        
ocaml-pcre-devel.i386                   5.12.2-1.fc8              fedora        
ocaml-perl4caml.i386                    0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-perl4caml-devel.i386              0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-pgocaml.i386                      1.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-pgocaml-devel.i386                1.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-postgresql.i386                   1.7.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-postgresql-devel.i386             1.7.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-pxp.i386                          1.2.0test1-5.fc8          updates-newkey
ocaml-pxp-devel.i386                    1.2.0test1-5.fc8          updates-newkey
ocaml-res.i386                          2.2.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-res-devel.i386                    2.2.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-runtime.i386                      3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-source.i386                       3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-sqlite.i386                       0.23.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-sqlite-devel.i386                 0.23.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-ssl.i386                          0.4.2-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-ssl-devel.i386                    0.4.2-5.fc8               fedora        
ocaml-type-conv.i386                    1.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ocaml-ulex.i386                         1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
ocaml-ulex-devel.i386                   1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
ocaml-x11.i386                          3.10.0-8.fc8              updates-newkey
ocaml-xml-light.i386                    2.2.cvs20070817-5.fc8     fedora        
ocaml-xml-light-devel.i386              2.2.cvs20070817-5.fc8     fedora        
ocaml-xmlrpc-light.i386                 0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-xmlrpc-light-devel.i386           0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ocaml-zip.i386                          1.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ocaml-zip-devel.i386                    1.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ocamldsort.i386                         0.14.4-2.fc8              updates-newkey
ocfs2-tools.i386                        1.3.9-7.20080221git.fc8   updates-newkey
ocfs2-tools-devel.i386                  1.3.9-7.20080221git.fc8   updates-newkey
ocfs2console.i386                       1.3.9-7.20080221git.fc8   updates-newkey
ochusha.i386                            0.5.99.66-0.6.cvs070110.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
ocrad.i386                              0.17-3.fc8                updates-newkey
ocsinventory-client.noarch              1.01-6.fc8                fedora        
ocsinventory-ipdiscover.i386            1.01-3.fc8                fedora        
ocspd.i386                              1.5.1-0.3.rc1.fc8         updates-newkey
octave.i386                             6:3.0.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
octave-devel.i386                       6:3.0.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
octave-forge.i386                       20071212-3.fc8            updates-newkey
odccm.i386                              0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
oddjob.i386                             0.29.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
oddjob-devel.i386                       0.29.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
oddjob-libs.i386                        0.29.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
oddjob-mkhomedir.i386                   0.29.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
oddjob-python.i386                      0.29.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ode.i386                                0.9-1.fc8                 fedora        
ode-devel.i386                          0.9-1.fc8                 fedora        
odfpy.noarch                            0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
odt2txt.i386                            0.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
offlineimap.noarch                      6.0.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
ofx.i386                                0.8.3-4                   fedora        
ogdi.i386                               3.2.0-0.11.beta2.fc8      updates-newkey
ogdi-devel.i386                         3.2.0-0.11.beta2.fc8      updates-newkey
ogdi-odbc.i386                          3.2.0-0.11.beta2.fc8      updates-newkey
ogdi-tcl.i386                           3.2.0-0.11.beta2.fc8      updates-newkey
oggconvert.noarch                       0.3.0-14.fc8              updates-newkey
oggvideotools.i386                      0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
ogre.i386                               1.4.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ogre-devel.i386                         1.4.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ogre-devel-doc.i386                     1.4.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ogre-samples.i386                       1.4.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
oidentd.i386                            2.0.8-4.fc8               fedora        
ois.i386                                1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
ois-devel.i386                          1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
oki4linux.i386                          2.1gst-2.fc8              fedora        
olive.i386                              0.91.0-2.fc8              fedora        
oneko.i386                              1.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
onesixtyone.i386                        0.3.2-3.fc8               fedora        
oniguruma.i386                          5.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
oniguruma-devel.i386                    5.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
online-desktop.i386                     0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
online-desktop-flickr.i386              0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
online-desktop-gmail.i386               0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
online-desktop-google-calendar.i386     0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
online-desktop-google-docs.i386         0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
online-desktop-google-reader.i386       0.2.22-1.fc8              fedora        
ooo2txt.noarch                          0.0.6-2.fc6               fedora        
oooqs2.i386                             1.0-3.fc6                 fedora        
oorexx.i386                             3.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
oorexx-devel.i386                       3.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
oorexx-docs.i386                        3.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
oorexx-libs.i386                        3.2.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
opal.i386                               2.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
opal-devel.i386                         2.2.11-1.fc8              fedora        
openais.i386                            0.80.1-6                  fedora        
openais-devel.i386                      0.80.1-6                  fedora        
openal.i386                             0.0.9-0.13.20060204cvs.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
openal-devel.i386                       0.0.9-0.13.20060204cvs.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
openalchemist.i386                      0.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
openarena.i386                          0.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
openarena-data.i386                     0.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
openbabel.i386                          2.1.1-1.fc8               fedora        
openbabel-devel.i386                    2.1.1-1.fc8               fedora        
openbabel-perl.i386                     2.1.1-1.fc8               fedora        
openbabel-python.i386                   2.1.1-1.fc8               fedora        
openbox.i386                            3.4.7.2-2.fc8             updates-newkey
openbox-devel.i386                      3.4.7.2-2.fc8             updates-newkey
openbox-libs.i386                       3.4.7.2-2.fc8             updates-newkey
opencdk.i386                            0.6.4-1.fc8               fedora        
opencdk-devel.i386                      0.6.4-1.fc8               fedora        
openct.i386                             0.6.14-3.fc8              fedora        
openct-devel.i386                       0.6.14-3.fc8              fedora        
opencv.i386                             1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
opencv-devel.i386                       1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
opencv-python.i386                      1.0.0-3.fc8               fedora        
opengl-games-utils.noarch               0.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
openhpi.i386                            2.8.1-5.fc8               fedora        
openhpi-devel.i386                      2.8.1-5.fc8               fedora        
openjade.i386                           1.3.2-30.fc8              fedora        
openjpeg.i386                           1.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
openjpeg-devel.i386                     1.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
openjpeg-libs.i386                      1.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
openlayers.i386                         2.7-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
openldap-clients.i386                   2.3.39-4.fc8              updates-newkey
openldap-devel.i386                     2.3.39-4.fc8              updates-newkey
openldap-servers.i386                   2.3.39-4.fc8              updates-newkey
openldap-servers-sql.i386               2.3.39-4.fc8              updates-newkey
openlierox.i386                         0.57-0.6.beta3.fc8        fedora        
openmpi.i386                            1.2.4-1.fc8               fedora        
openmpi-devel.i386                      1.2.4-1.fc8               fedora        
openmpi-libs.i386                       1.2.4-1.fc8               fedora        
openmsx.i386                            0.6.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openobex-apps.i386                      1.3-12.fc8                updates-newkey
openobex-devel.i386                     1.3-12.fc8                updates-newkey
openoffice.org-base.i386                1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-calc.i386                1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-core.i386                1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-dict-cs_CZ.i386          20060303-5.fc7            fedora        
openoffice.org-draw.i386                1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-emailmerge.i386          1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-extendedPDF.noarch       1.4-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
openoffice.org-graphicfilter.i386       1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-headless.i386            1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-impress.i386             1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-javafilter.i386          1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-af_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ar.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-as_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-bg_BG.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-bn.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ca_ES.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-cs_CZ.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-cy_GB.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-da_DK.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-de.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-dz.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-el_GR.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-en.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-es.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-et_EE.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-eu_ES.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-fi_FI.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-fr.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ga_IE.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-gl_ES.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-gu_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-he_IL.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-hi_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-hr_HR.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-hu_HU.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-it.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ja_JP.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-kn_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ko_KR.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-lt_LT.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ml_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-mr_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ms_MY.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-nb_NO.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-nl.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-nn_NO.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-nr_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-nso_ZA.i386     1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-or_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-pa_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-pl_PL.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-pt_BR.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-pt_PT.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ru.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-sk_SK.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-sl_SI.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-sr.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ss_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-st_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-sv.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ta_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-te_IN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-th_TH.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-tn_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-tr_TR.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ts_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ur.i386         1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-ve_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-xh_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-zh_CN.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-zh_TW.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-langpack-zu_ZA.i386      1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-math.i386                1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-ooolatex.noarch          4.0.0-0.5.beta2.fc8.1     updates-newkey
openoffice.org-pyuno.i386               1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-sdk.i386                 1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-sdk-doc.i386             1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-testtools.i386           1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-voikko.i386              2.2-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
openoffice.org-writer.i386              1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
openoffice.org-xsltfilter.i386          1:2.3.0-6.17.fc8          updates-newkey
opensc.i386                             0.11.4-1.fc8              fedora        
opensc-devel.i386                       0.11.4-1.fc8              fedora        
openser.i386                            1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-acc_radius.i386                 1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-auth_diameter.i386              1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-auth_radius.i386                1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-avp_radius.i386                 1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-carrierroute.i386               1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-cpl-c.i386                      1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-db_berkeley.i386                1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-group_radius.i386               1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-h350.i386                       1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-jabber.i386                     1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-ldap.i386                       1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-mysql.i386                      1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-perl.i386                       1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-perlvdb.i386                    1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-postgresql.i386                 1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-presence.i386                   1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-presence_mwi.i386               1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-presence_xml.i386               1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-pua.i386                        1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-pua_bla.i386                    1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-pua_mi.i386                     1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-pua_usrloc.i386                 1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-pua_xmpp.i386                   1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-rls.i386                        1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-seas.i386                       1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-sms.i386                        1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-snmpstats.i386                  1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-tlsops.i386                     1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-unixodbc.i386                   1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-uri_radius.i386                 1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-xcap_client.i386                1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openser-xmpp.i386                       1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
openslp.i386                            1.2.1-7.fc8               fedora        
openslp-devel.i386                      1.2.1-7.fc8               fedora        
openslp-server.i386                     1.2.1-7.fc8               fedora        
opensp.i386                             1.5.2-6.fc8               fedora        
opensp-devel.i386                       1.5.2-6.fc8               fedora        
openssh-askpass.i386                    4.7p1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
openssl.i386                            0.9.8b-17.fc8             fedora        
openssl-devel.i386                      0.9.8b-17.fc8             fedora        
openssl-perl.i386                       0.9.8b-17.fc8             fedora        
openswan.i386                           2.4.9-2.fc8               fedora        
openswan-doc.i386                       2.4.9-2.fc8               fedora        
openuniverse.i386                       1.0-0.beta3.fc8           updates-newkey
openvpn.i386                            2.1-0.29.rc15.fc8         updates-newkey
openvrml.i386                           0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-devel.i386                     0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-gl.i386                        0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-gl-devel.i386                  0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-mozilla-plugin.i386            0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-player.i386                    0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
openvrml-xembed.i386                    0.17.10-3.0.fc8           updates-newkey
oprofile.i386                           0.9.3-18.fc8              updates-newkey
oprofile-devel.i386                     0.9.3-18.fc8              updates-newkey
oprofile-gui.i386                       0.9.3-18.fc8              updates-newkey
opticalraytracer.i386                   1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
optipng.i386                            0.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
opyum.noarch                            0.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
orage.i386                              4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
orange.i386                             0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
orange-devel.i386                       0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
orca.i386                               2.20.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
orpie.i386                              1.4.3-5.fc6               fedora        
orsa.i386                               0.7.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
orsa-devel.i386                         0.7.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ortp.i386                               0.13.1-4.fc8              fedora        
ortp-devel.i386                         0.13.1-4.fc8              fedora        
osgal.i386                              1:0.6.1-1.fc8             fedora        
osgal-devel.i386                        1:0.6.1-1.fc8             fedora        
osgcal.i386                             0.1.46-2.fc8              fedora        
osgcal-devel.i386                       0.1.46-2.fc8              fedora        
osiv.i386                               2.0.0-0.3.beta.fc8        fedora        
osiv-devel.i386                         2.0.0-0.3.beta.fc8        fedora        
osiv-static.i386                        2.0.0-0.3.beta.fc8        fedora        
osmo.i386                               0.2.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
osslsigncode.i386                       1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
ots.i386                                0.4.2-11.fc7              fedora        
ots-devel.i386                          0.4.2-11.fc7              fedora        
ots-libs.i386                           0.4.2-11.fc7              fedora        
ovaldi.i386                             5.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
overgod.i386                            1.0-6.fc8                 fedora        
oxine.i386                              0.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
oxygen-icon-theme.noarch                4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
oxygen-icon-theme-scalable.noarch       4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
oyranos.i386                            0.1.7-11.fc8              updates-newkey
oyranos-devel.i386                      0.1.7-11.fc8              updates-newkey
oyranos-docs.i386                       0.1.7-11.fc8              updates-newkey
oyranos-libs.i386                       0.1.7-11.fc8              updates-newkey
p0f.i386                                2.0.8-3.fc8               fedora        
p0rn-comfort.noarch                     0.0.4-4.fc6               fedora        
p7zip.i386                              4.61-1.fc8                updates-newkey
p7zip-plugins.i386                      4.61-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pAgenda.noarch                          3.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
pachi.i386                              1.0-3.fc8                 fedora        
padauk-fonts.noarch                     2.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
padevchooser.i386                       0.9.4-0.3.svn20070925.fc8 fedora        
paktype-fonts.noarch                    2.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
pam-devel.i386                          0.99.8.1-17.1.fc8         updates-newkey
pam_abl.i386                            0.2.3-3.fc7               fedora        
pam_fprint.i386                         0.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
pam_keyring.i386                        0.0.9-1.fc8               fedora        
pam_mount.i386                          0.49-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pam_mysql.i386                          1:0.7-0.4.rc1.fc8         updates-newkey
pam_ssh.i386                            1.92-6.fc8                updates-newkey
paman.i386                              0.9.4-0.1.svn20070816.fc8 fedora        
pan.i386                                1:0.132-2.fc8             fedora        
panelfm.i386                            1.2-2.fc8.2               fedora        
pango.i386                              1.18.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pango-devel.i386                        1.18.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
paperkey.i386                           0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
paprefs.i386                            0.9.6-0.2.svn20070925.fc8 fedora        
paps.i386                               0.6.8-8.fc8               updates-newkey
paps-devel.i386                         0.6.8-8.fc8               updates-newkey
papyrus.i386                            0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
papyrus-devel.i386                      0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
par2cmdline.i386                        0.4-12.fc8                fedora        
paragui.i386                            1.0.4-5.fc8               fedora        
paragui-devel.i386                      1.0.4-5.fc8               fedora        
paragui-python.i386                     1.0.4-5.fc8               fedora        
paraview.i386                           3.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
paraview-data.i386                      3.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
paraview-devel.i386                     3.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
paraview-mpi.i386                       3.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
paraview-mpi-devel.i386                 3.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
parcellite.i386                         0.7-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
pards.i386                              0.4-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
pards-devel.i386                        0.4-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
pari.i386                               2.3.0-5.fc7               fedora        
pari-devel.i386                         2.3.0-5.fc7               fedora        
pari-emacs.i386                         2.3.0-5.fc7               fedora        
pari-gp.i386                            2.3.0-5.fc7               fedora        
parprouted.i386                         0.70-3.fc8                updates-newkey
parted-devel.i386                       1.8.6-10.fc8              fedora        
passivetex.noarch                       1.25-5.1.1                fedora        
pastebin.noarch                         0.60-4.fc8                updates-newkey
patchutils.i386                         0.2.31-3.fc8              fedora        
patchy.i386                             2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
patchy-g77.i386                         2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
patchy-gfortran.i386                    2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
pavucontrol.i386                        0.9.5-0.4.svn20070925.fc8 fedora        
pavumeter.i386                          0.9.3-0.2.svn20070925.fc8 fedora        
paw.i386                                2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
paw-g77.i386                            2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
paw-gfortran.i386                       2006-20.fc8               updates-newkey
pbm2l2030.i386                          1.4-2.fc8                 fedora        
pbm2l7k.i386                            990321-3.fc8              fedora        
pbstop.i386                             4.16-1.fc8                fedora        
pbzip2.i386                             1.0.2-3.fc8               fedora        
pcapdiff.noarch                         0.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
pcapy.i386                              0.10.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pcb.i386                                0.20081128-1.fc8          updates-newkey
pciutils-devel.i386                     2.2.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pcmanfm.i386                            0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
pcmanx-gtk2.i386                        0.3.5-9.336svn.fc7        fedora        
pcre-devel.i386                         7.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
pcsc-lite.i386                          1.3.3-1.fc8               fedora        
pcsc-lite-devel.i386                    1.3.3-1.fc8               fedora        
pcsc-lite-doc.i386                      1.3.3-1.fc8               fedora        
pcsc-lite-libs.i386                     1.3.3-1.fc8               fedora        
pcsc-lite-openct.i386                   0.6.14-3.fc8              fedora        
pcsc-perl.i386                          1.4.6-2.fc8               fedora        
pcsc-tools.i386                         1.4.10-1.fc8              fedora        
pdfcube.i386                            0.0.2-6.fc8               fedora        
pdfedit.i386                            0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pdfjam.noarch                           1.20-5.fc6                fedora        
pdfmerge.noarch                         1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
pdfresurrect.i386                       0.04-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pdftohtml.i386                          0.36-10.fc8               fedora        
pdns.i386                               2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-geo.i386                   2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-ldap.i386                  2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-mysql.i386                 2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-pipe.i386                  2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-postgresql.i386            2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-backend-sqlite.i386                2.9.21.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pdns-recursor.i386                      3.1.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pdsh.i386                               2.11-5.fc6                fedora        
pdsh-mod-dshgroup.i386                  2.11-5.fc6                fedora        
pdsh-mod-netgroup.i386                  2.11-5.fc6                fedora        
pdsh-rcmd-rsh.i386                      2.11-5.fc6                fedora        
pdsh-rcmd-ssh.i386                      2.11-5.fc6                fedora        
pekwm.i386                              0.1.5-5.fc7               fedora        
pem.noarch                              0.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
penguin-command.i386                    1.6.11-4.fc8              fedora        
pengupop.i386                           2.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Ace.noarch                         1.92-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Acme-Damn.i386                     0.03-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Affix-Infix2Postfix.noarch         0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Algorithm-Annotate.noarch          0.10-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Algorithm-C3.noarch                0.07-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Algorithm-CheckDigits.noarch       0.48-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Algorithm-Dependency.noarch        1.106-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch              1.1902-3.fc7              fedora        
perl-Algorithm-FastPermute.i386         0.999-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Algorithm-Permute.i386             0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Alien-wxWidgets.i386               0.31-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-AnyData.noarch                     0.10-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-AnyEvent.noarch                    4.161-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
perl-Apache-DBI.noarch                  1.07-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Apache-LogRegex.noarch             1.4-2.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Apache-RPC.noarch                  0.60-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Apache-Session.noarch              1.84-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Apache-Session-Wrapper.noarch      0.33-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Apache2-SOAP.noarch                0.73-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-App-CLI.noarch                     0.07-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-AppConfig.noarch                   1.65-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-AppConfig-Std.noarch               1.07-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Archive-Any.noarch                 0.093-2.fc7               fedora        
perl-Archive-Extract.noarch             0.24-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                 1.34-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                 1.20-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Array-Compare.noarch               1.16-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Array-Diff.noarch                  0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Array-RefElem.i386                 1.00-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Astro-FITS-CFITSIO.i386            1.05-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Authen-Captcha.noarch              1.023-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Authen-DigestMD5.noarch            0.04-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Authen-Krb5.i386                   1.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-Authen-PAM.i386                    0.16-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Authen-Radius.noarch               0.13-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                 2.10-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-AutoClass.noarch                   1_01-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-B-Keywords.noarch                  1.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-BDB.i386                           1.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-BSD-Resource.i386                  1.28-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-BerkeleyDB.i386                    0.32-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Bio-ASN1-EntrezGene.noarch         1.091-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-Bit-Vector.i386                    6.4-5.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Boulder.noarch                     1.30-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Business-CreditCard.noarch         0.30-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Business-Hours.noarch              0.08-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CGI-Ajax.noarch                    0.707-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-CGI-Ex.noarch                      2.21-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CGI-FastTemplate.noarch            1.09-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-CGI-FormBuilder.noarch             3.0501-4.fc8              fedora        
perl-CGI-Prototype.noarch               0.9053-4.fc7              fedora        
perl-CGI-Session.noarch                 4.20-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CGI-Simple.noarch                  0.077-8.fc8               fedora        
perl-CGI-SpeedyCGI.i386                 2.22-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CGI-Untaint.noarch                 1.26-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-CGI-Untaint-date.noarch            1.00-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-CGI-Untaint-email.noarch           0.03-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-CPAN.i386                          1.76_02-41.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch           0.06-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-CPAN-Mini.noarch                   0.571-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-CPANPLUS.noarch                    0.82-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-CPANPLUS-Dist-Build.noarch         0.05-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CSS.noarch                         1.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CSS-Squish.noarch                  0.07-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-CSS-Tiny.noarch                    1.14-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Cache.noarch                       2.04-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Cache-Cache.noarch                 1.05-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Cache-Mmap.i386                    0.09-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Cache-Simple-TimedExpiry.noarch    0.27-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Cairo.i386                         1.041-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Calendar-Simple.noarch             1.20-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Callback.noarch                    1.07-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Carp-Assert.noarch                 0.20-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Carp-Assert-More.noarch            1.12-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                   5.9-2.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Catalyst-Action-RenderView.noarch  0.07-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Controller-BindLex.noarch 0.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Controller-FormBuilder.noarch
                                        0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Devel.noarch              1.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Manual.noarch             5.700701-2.fc8            fedora        
perl-Catalyst-Model-DBIC-Schema.noarch  0.21-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Model-LDAP.noarch         0.16-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Model-XMLRPC.noarch       0.04-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-Authentication.noarch
                                        0.10007-1.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-CGI-Untaint.noarch 0.05-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-ConfigLoader.noarch
                                        0.21-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-Session.noarch     0.19-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-Session-State-Cookie.noarch
                                        0.09-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-StackTrace.noarch  0.07-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-Static-Simple.noarch
                                        0.20-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Plugin-SubRequest.noarch  0.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-Runtime.noarch            5.7012-3.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-View-JSON.noarch          0.24-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Catalyst-View-TT.noarch            0.27-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Cflow.i386                         1.053-7.fc8               fedora        
perl-Chart.noarch                       2.4.1-5.fc7               fedora        
perl-Chatbot-Eliza.noarch               1.04-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch              0.31-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Accessor-Chained.noarch      0.01-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Accessor-Grouped.noarch      0.08002-1.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Class-Autouse.noarch               1.29-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-Base.noarch                  0.03-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Class-C3.noarch                    0.19-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-C3-Componentised.noarch      1.0001-4.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-Class-C3-XS.i386                   0.08-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Container.noarch             0.12-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI.noarch                   3.0.16-2.fc8              fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-AbstractSearch.noarch    0.07-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-AsForm.noarch            2.42-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-FromCGI.noarch           1.00-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Loader.noarch            0.34-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Loader-Relationship.noarch
                                        1.3-5.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Pager.noarch             0.08-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Pg.noarch                0.09-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Plugin.noarch            0.03-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Plugin-RetrieveAll.noarch
                                        1.04-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-Plugin-Type.noarch       0.02-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-SQLite.noarch            0.11-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-DBI-mysql.noarch             1.00-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Data-Accessor.noarch         0.04004-1.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch      0.06-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Date.i386                    1.1.9-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Class-ErrorHandler.noarch          0.01-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Class-Factory.noarch               1.06-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-Factory-Util.noarch          1.7-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Class-Gomor.noarch                 1.01-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Inner.noarch                 0.1-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-Class-InsideOut.noarch             1.09-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch             1.23-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-Loader.noarch                2.03-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-MOP.noarch                   0.42-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-MOP.i386                     0.62-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-MakeMethods.noarch           1.01-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch      1.01-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-MethodMaker.i386             2.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Class-Observable.noarch            1.04-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Class-Prototyped.noarch            1.10-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Class-ReturnValue.noarch           0.55-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch             1.4-1.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Class-Std.noarch                   0.0.8-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Class-Trigger.noarch               0.12-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Class-Whitehole.noarch             0.04-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Clone.i386                         0.27-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Collectd.i386                      4.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Compress-Bzip2.i386                2.09-4.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.i386            2.005-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.i386             2.005-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Compress-Zlib.noarch               2.005-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Config-Any.noarch                  0.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Config-Augeas.i386                 0.304-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Config-General.noarch              2.33-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Config-Grammar.noarch              1.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Config-IniFiles.noarch             2.39-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Config-IniHash.noarch              3.00.00-2.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Config-Record.noarch               1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Config-Simple.noarch               4.59-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Config-Tiny.noarch                 2.10-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-ConfigReader.noarch                0.5-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Contextual-Return.noarch           v0.2.1-1.fc7              fedora        
perl-Convert-ASCII-Armour.noarch        1.4-5.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Convert-BinHex.noarch              1.119-6.fc8               fedora        
perl-Convert-Binary-C.i386              0.71-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Convert-NLS_DATE_FORMAT.noarch     0.02-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Convert-PEM.noarch                 0.07-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Convert-TNEF.noarch                0.17-7.fc7                fedora        
perl-Convert-UUlib.i386                 1:1.09-2.fc8              fedora        
perl-Crypt-Blowfish.i386                2.10-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Crypt-CAST5_PP.noarch              1.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Crypt-CBC.noarch                   2.22-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Crypt-DES.i386                     2.05-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Crypt-DES_EDE3.noarch              0.01-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Crypt-DH.noarch                    0.06-7.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-DSA.noarch                   0.14-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-GeneratePassword.noarch      0.03-12.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-AES.i386             0.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.i386          0.03-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-DSA.i386             0.13-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-PKCS10.i386          0.06-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.i386             0.25-6.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.i386          0.04-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-X509.i386            0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5.noarch             1.3-2.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Crypt-Primes.noarch                0.50-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-RSA.noarch                   1.58-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-Random.noarch                1.25-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-Rijndael.i386                1.06-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Crypt-SSLeay.i386                  0.56-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-Simple.noarch                0.06-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Crypt-SmbHash.noarch               0.12-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Curses.i386                        1.16-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBD-AnyData.noarch                 0.09-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBD-CSV.noarch                     0.22-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-DBD-Mock.noarch                    1.36-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBD-Multi.noarch                   0.14-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBD-MySQL.i386                     4.005-2.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-DBD-Pg.i386                        1.49-5.fc8.2              updates-newkey
perl-DBD-SQLite.i386                    1.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBD-SQLite2.i386                   0.33-8.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBD-XBase.noarch                   0.241-5.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-DBI.i386                           1.58-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBI-Dumper.i386                    2.01-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBIx-Class.noarch                  0.08010-6.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Loader.noarch    0.04005-2.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-DBIx-ContextualFetch.noarch        1.03-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBIx-DBSchema.noarch               0.36-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBIx-POS.noarch                    0.03-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-DBIx-SQLite-Simple.noarch          0.34-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-DBIx-SearchBuilder.noarch          1.54-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DBM-Deep.noarch                    0.983-2.fc6               fedora        
perl-Danga-Socket.noarch                1.57-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Data-Alias.i386                    1.07-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Data-Buffer.noarch                 0.04-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                0.16-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                   1.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Data-HexDump.noarch                0.02-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Data-Hierarchy.noarch              0.34-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Data-ICal.noarch                   0.13-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                0.101-2.fc6               fedora        
perl-Data-Page.noarch                   2.00-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Data-Password.noarch               1.07-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Data-Stag.noarch                   0.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Data-Structure-Util.i386           0.12-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Data-Visitor.noarch                0.09-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Date-Calc.i386                     5.4-2.1                   fedora        
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                  5.48-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Date-Pcalc.noarch                  1.2-4.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Date-Simple.i386                   3.02-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-DateManip.noarch                   5.44-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-DateTime.i386                      1:0.41-1.fc8              fedora        
perl-DateTime-Event-ICal.noarch         0.09-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Event-Recurrence.noarch   0.16-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch     0.7901-1.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-DB2.noarch         0.05-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-DBI.noarch         0.032-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-DateManip.noarch   0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-HTTP.noarch        0.37-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-IBeat.noarch       0.161-4.fc6               fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-ICal.noarch        0.08-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-Mail.noarch        0.30-4.fc6                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL.noarch       0.04-4.fc6                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Format-Oracle.noarch      0.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-Pg.noarch          0.16002-2.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch    1.0702-1.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF.noarch      0.04-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-DateTime-Precise.noarch            1.05-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-DateTime-Set.noarch                0.25-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple.noarch  0.03-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Devel-Caller.i386                  0.11-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Devel-Cover.i386                   0.64-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Devel-Cycle.noarch                 1.07-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.i386       0.02-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Devel-Leak.i386                    0.03-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Devel-LexAlias.i386                0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Devel-Profiler.noarch              0.04-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Devel-Size.i386                    0.68-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch            1.1901-1.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-Devel-Symdump.noarch               1:2.07-3.fc8              fedora        
perl-Device-SerialPort.i386             1.003001-1.fc8            fedora        
perl-Digest-BubbleBabble.noarch         0.01-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Digest-CRC.i386                    0.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                 1.01-16                   fedora        
perl-Digest-MD2.i386                    2.03-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Digest-MD4.i386                    1.5-3.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Digest-Nilsimsa.i386               0.06-8.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Digest-SHA.i386                    5.44-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Digest-SHA1.i386                   2.11-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Email-Abstract.noarch              2.132-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Address.noarch               1.888-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Date.noarch                  1.102-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Find.noarch                  0.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Email-MIME.noarch                  1.859-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-MIME-Attachment-Stripper.noarch
                                        1.313-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-MIME-ContentType.noarch      1.014-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-MIME-Creator.noarch          1.454-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-MIME-Encodings.noarch        1.311-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-MIME-Modifier.noarch         1.441-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-MessageID.noarch             1.351-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-Reply.noarch                 1.202-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Send.noarch                  2.185-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Simple.noarch                1.999-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Email-Simple-Creator.noarch        1.422-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Email-Valid.noarch                 0.179-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Error.noarch                       1:0.17010-1.fc8           updates-newkey
perl-Event.i386                         1.09-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Event-ExecFlow.noarch              0.63-4.fc8.1              updates-newkey
perl-Event-Lib.i386                     1.03-2.fc8.1              updates-newkey
perl-Event-RPC.noarch                   0.90-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Exception-Class.noarch             1.23-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Expect.noarch                      1.20-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Expect-Simple.noarch               0.04-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Exporter-Lite.noarch               0.02-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-AutoInstall.noarch        0.63-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch           0.19-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-Depends.noarch            0.205-5.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.i386                1.26-41.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-ExtUtils-F77.noarch                1.16-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.i386            6.30-41.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-Coverage.noarch 0.05-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch            2.18-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig.noarch          1.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-ExtUtils-XSBuilder.noarch          0.28-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Feed-Find.noarch                   0.06-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-File-BOM.noarch                    0.14-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-Comments.noarch               0.07-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch         0.37-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-DesktopEntry.noarch           0.04-5.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-ExtAttr.i386                  1.02-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                  0.12-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch              0.30-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-File-Find-Rule-PPI.noarch          0.05-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl.noarch         1.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-Flat.noarch                   1.00-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                0.65-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-MMagic.noarch                 1.27-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-MMagic-XS.i386                0.09002-2.fc8             fedora        
perl-File-MimeInfo.noarch               0.14-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-Modified.noarch               0.07-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-File-NCopy.noarch                  0.36-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-NFSLock.noarch                1.20-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-File-Next.noarch                   1.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-ReadBackwards.noarch          1.04-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-File-Remove.noarch                 1.42-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-RsyncP.i386                   0.68-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch               1.00-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                  9999.13-4.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-File-Sync.i386                     0.09-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-File-Tail.noarch                   0.99.3-5.fc8.1            fedora        
perl-File-Type.noarch                   0.22-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-File-Which.noarch                  0.05-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-File-chdir.noarch                  0.09-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-File-chmod.noarch                  0.32-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-FileHandle-Fmode.i386              0.09-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-FileHandle-Unget.noarch            0.1621-5.fc8              fedora        
perl-Finance-Quote.noarch               1.13-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Finance-YahooQuote.noarch          0.21-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                    1.20-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                    0.41-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-FreezeThaw.noarch                  0.43-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Frontier-RPC.noarch                0.07b4-2                  fedora        
perl-GD.i386                            2.35-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                  1.15-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-GD-SVG.noarch                      0.28-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-GDGraph.noarch                     1:1.44-2.fc8.2            fedora        
perl-GDGraph3d.noarch                   0.63-7.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-GDTextUtil.noarch                  0.86-9.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-GO-TermFinder.i386                 0.82-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-GPS.noarch                         0.15-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-GPS-PRN.noarch                     0.05-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-GSSAPI.i386                        0.24-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-GStreamer.i386                     0.09-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-GTop.i386                          0.16-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gearman.noarch                     1.09-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gearman-Client-Async.noarch        0.94-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gearman-Server.noarch              1.09-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Geo-Constants.noarch               0.06-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Geo-Ellipsoids.noarch              0.14-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Geo-Forward.noarch                 0.11-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Geo-Functions.noarch               0.06-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Geo-IP.i386                        1.34-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Geo-Inverse.noarch                 0.05-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Geo-METAR.noarch                   1.14-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Geography-Countries.noarch         1.4-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Getopt-Euclid.noarch               0.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Getopt-GUI-Long.noarch             0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-Getopt-Long-Descriptive.noarch     0.074-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Git.i386                           1.5.4.3-3.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Glib.i386                          1.144-1.fc8.2             fedora        
perl-Gnome2-Canvas.i386                 1.002-7.fc8               fedora        
perl-Gnome2-GConf.i386                  1.044-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Gnome2-Print.i386                  1.000-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Gnome2-VFS.i386                    1.080-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-GnuPG-Interface.noarch             0.33-9.fc8                fedora        
perl-Graph.noarch                       0.84-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-GraphViz.noarch                    2.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Graphics-ColorNames.noarch         1.06-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2.i386                          1.144-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-CalendarButton.noarch      0.01-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-Carp.noarch                0.01-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-Dialogs.noarch             0.11-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory.noarch         0.65-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Gtk2-Ex-PodViewer.noarch           0.17-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-Simple-List.noarch         0.50-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Ex-Utils.noarch               0.09-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-GladeXML.i386                 1.006-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Notify.i386                   0.04-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Gtk2-Sexy.i386                     0.02-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-Spell.i386                    1.03-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon.i386                 0.06-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-Encoding.noarch               0.53-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-Format.noarch                 2.04-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-FormatText-WithLinks.noarch   0.09-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-FromText.noarch               2.05-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTML-Mason.noarch                  1:1.37-1.fc8              fedora        
perl-HTML-Parser.i386                   3.56-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-PrettyPrinter.noarch          0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTML-RewriteAttributes.noarch      0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTML-Scrubber.noarch               0.08-4.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-HTML-Table.noarch                  2.06-1.fc8.1              updates-newkey
perl-HTML-TableExtract.noarch           2.10-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                 3.10-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTML-Template.noarch               2.9-1.fc8.2               fedora        
perl-HTML-Template-Expr.noarch          0.07-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-HTML-Template-Pro.i386             0.69-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTML-Tidy.i386                     1.08-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                   1:3.23-2.fc8              fedora        
perl-HTTP-Body.noarch                   0.9-2.fc8                 fedora        
perl-HTTP-BrowserDetect.noarch          0.99-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent.noarch      1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-HTTP-DAV.noarch                    0.31-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-HTTP-Proxy.noarch                  0.20-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-HTTP-Recorder.noarch               0.05-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI.noarch          0.5-2.fc7                 fedora        
perl-HTTP-Request-Params.noarch         1.01-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-HTTP-Server-Simple.noarch          0.34-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-HTTP-Server-Simple-Mason.noarch    0.09-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Hash-Case.noarch                   1.003-2.fc7               fedora        
perl-Hash-WithDefaults.noarch           0.04-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Heap.noarch                        0.80-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Hook-LexWrap.noarch                0.20-6.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-IO-AIO.i386                        2.33-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-IO-All.noarch                      0.38-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-IO-Capture.noarch                  0.05-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-IO-CaptureOutput.noarch            1.03-6.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-IO-Compress-Base.noarch            2.005-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-IO-Compress-Bzip2.noarch           2.005-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-IO-Compress-Zlib.noarch            2.005-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-IO-Digest.noarch                   0.10-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-IO-Interface.i386                  1.03-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-IO-LockedFile.noarch               0.23-2                    fedora        
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                1.08-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-IO-Null.noarch                     1.01-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-IO-Prompt.noarch                   v0.99.4-2.fc6             fedora        
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch             2.51-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch               1.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-IO-String.noarch                   1.08-2                    fedora        
perl-IO-TieCombine.noarch               1.000-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-IO-Tty.i386                        1.07-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                     1.07-1                    fedora        
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                  2.110-6.fc8               fedora        
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                     0.38-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-IPC-Run.noarch                     0.80-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-IPC-Run-SafeHandles.noarch         0.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                    0.042-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-IPC-ShareLite.i386                 0.09-9.fc7                fedora        
perl-IPC-Shareable.noarch               0.60-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-IPC-SharedCache.noarch             1.3-7.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Ima-DBI.noarch                     0.35-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Image-Base.noarch                  1.07-7.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch              7.25-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Image-Info.noarch                  1.28-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Image-Math-Constrain.noarch        1.01-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Image-Size.noarch                  3.01-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Image-Xbm.noarch                   1.08-6.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Image-Xpm.noarch                   1.09-6.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Imager.i386                        0.64-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Inline.noarch                      0.44-16                   fedora        
perl-JSON.noarch                        1.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-JSON-Any.noarch                    1.16-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-JSON-XS.i386                       1.52-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Jcode.noarch                       2.06-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Kwiki.noarch                       0.39-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Archive-Rcs.noarch           0.15-6.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Attachments.noarch           0.18-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Diff.noarch                  0.03-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-ModPerl.noarch               0.09-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-NewPage.noarch               0.12-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Raw.noarch                   0.02-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-RecentChanges.noarch         0.14-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Revisions.noarch             0.15-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Search.noarch                0.12-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-UserName.noarch              0.14-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-UserPreferences.noarch       0.13-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Kwiki-Users-Remote.noarch          0.04-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-LDAP.noarch                        1:0.34-3.fc7              fedora        
perl-LWP-Authen-Wsse.noarch             0.05-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect.noarch           1.89-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Number.noarch    1.1-6.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate.noarch  1.02-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Lingua-Preferred.noarch            0.2.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Linux-Pid.i386                     0.04-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-List-Compare.noarch                0.33-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-List-MoreUtils.i386                0.22-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-Locale-Maketext-Fuzzy.noarch       0.02-4.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Locale-Maketext-Lexicon.noarch     0.71-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch      0.18-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Locale-SubCountry.noarch           1.41-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-LockFile-Simple.noarch             0.2.5-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                2.18-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Log-Dispatch-Config.noarch         1.01-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch     1.19-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Log-Dispatch-Perl.noarch           0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                1.13-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Log-Message.noarch                 0.01-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Log-Message-Simple.noarch          0.02-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Log-TraceMessages.noarch           1.4-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-MARC-Record.noarch                 2.0.0-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-MD5.noarch                         2.03-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                   3.01-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                  1.20-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-MIME-tools.noarch                  5.420-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-MLDBM.noarch                       2.01-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-MP3-Info.noarch                    1.23-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                  0.09-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Mail-Alias.noarch                  1.12-8.fc7                fedora        
perl-Mail-Box.noarch                    2.073-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Mail-Box-Parser-C.i386             3.006-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                   0.32-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Mail-GnuPG.noarch                  0.15-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Mail-IMAPClient.noarch             2.2.9-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-Mail-Mbox-MessageParser.noarch     1.5000-3.fc8              fedora        
perl-Mail-RFC822-Address.noarch         0.3-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                    2.005-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Mail-SPF-Query.noarch              1.999.1-3.fc7             fedora        
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                 0.8.13-2.fc8.1            fedora        
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch               0.79-9.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Mail-Transport-Dbx.i386            0.07-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-MailTools.noarch                   1.77-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-MasonX-Interp-WithCallbacks.noarch 1.17-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-MasonX-Request-WithApacheSession.noarch
                                        0.30-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Math-Base85.noarch                 0.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Math-BaseCnv.noarch                1.4.75O6Pbr-2.fc8         updates-newkey
perl-Math-Derivative.noarch             0.01-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Math-GMP.i386                      2.04-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Math-MatrixReal.noarch             2.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Math-Pari.i386                     2.010709-3.fc8            fedora        
perl-Math-Random-MT-Auto.i386           5.04-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Math-Round.noarch                  0.06-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Math-Spline.noarch                 0.01-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Math-Symbolic.noarch               0.510-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Math-Vec.noarch                    0.04-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Maypole.noarch                     2.111-1.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-Module-Build.noarch                0.2808-1.fc8              fedora        
perl-Module-CPANTS-Analyse.noarch       0.75-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Module-Compile.noarch              0.20-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch             2.11-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Depends.noarch              0.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Module-ExtractUse.noarch           0.22-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Module-Find.noarch                 0.05-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Module-Info.noarch                 0.31-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Install.noarch              0.67-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Load.noarch                 0.12-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch     0.18-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch               0.01-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Module-Locate.noarch               1.7-1.fc8.2               fedora        
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch            3.60-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Module-Refresh.noarch              0.13-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-ScanDeps.noarch             0.75-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Module-Signature.noarch            0.55-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Module-Starter.noarch              1:1.50-2.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-Module-Starter-PBP.noarch          0.000003-5.fc6            fedora        
perl-Module-Util.noarch                 1.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Module-Versions-Report.noarch      1.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-MogileFS-Client.noarch             1.08-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-MogileFS-Utils.noarch              2.12-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Moose.noarch                       0.51-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Moose-Policy.noarch                0.03-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-MooseX-AttributeHelpers.noarch     0.12-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-MooseX-Getopt.noarch               0.05-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-MooseX-Log-Log4perl.noarch         0.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-MooseX-Object-Pluggable.noarch     0.0007-2.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-MooseX-Params-Validate.noarch      0.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-MooseX-Types.noarch                0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Class.noarch     0.05-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Mouse.noarch                       0.09-2.fc8.1              updates-newkey
perl-Mozilla-LDAP.i386                  1.5.2-2.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-NKF.i386                           1:2.0.8b-3.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-Net-CIDR-Lite.noarch               0.20-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Net-CUPS.i386                      0.55-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-DBus.i386                      0.33.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-Net-DNS.i386                       0.61-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-DNS-Resolver-Programmable.noarch
                                        0.003-2.fc8               fedora        
perl-Net-DNS-SEC.noarch                 0.14-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-Daemon.noarch                  0.44-5.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-Domain-TLD.noarch              1.65-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-GPSD.noarch                    0.35-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Net-IP.noarch                      1.25-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-IP-CMatch.i386                 0.02-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-IPv4Addr.noarch                0.10-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-IPv6Addr.noarch                0.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Net-IRC.noarch                     0.75-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-Jabber.noarch                  2.0-7.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Net-LibIDN.i386                    0.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-Libdnet.i386                   0.01-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-NBName.noarch                  0.26-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-Netmask.noarch                 1.9015-1.fc8              fedora        
perl-Net-Packet.noarch                  3.25-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-Packet-Target.noarch           1.01-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-Patricia.i386                  1.014-4.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-Net-Pcap.i386                      0.14-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-SCP.noarch                     0.07-6.fc7                fedora        
perl-Net-SFTP.noarch                    0.10-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-SNMP.noarch                    5.2.0-1.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-Net-SNPP.noarch                    1.17-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-SSH.noarch                     0.08-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Net-SSH-Perl.noarch                1.30-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-SSH2.i386                      0.18-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Net-SSLeay.i386                    1.30-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Net-Server.noarch                  0.97-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-Telnet.noarch                  3.03-5.1                  fedora        
perl-Net-Write.noarch                   1.00-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Net-XMPP.noarch                    1.02-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Net-eBay.noarch                    0.46-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-NetAddr-IP.i386                    4.004-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-Newt.i386                          1.08-21.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Nmap-Parser.noarch                 1.05-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Number-Compare.noarch              0.01-8.fc8                fedora        
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch            0.14-9.fc8                fedora        
perl-Object-Accessor.noarch             0.32-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Object-InsideOut.noarch            2.06-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Object-MultiType.noarch            0.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Object-Realize-Later.noarch        0.18-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Object-Signature.noarch            1.05-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-OpenFrame.noarch                   3.05-6.fc7                fedora        
perl-PAR-Dist.noarch                    0.25-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-PBS.i386                           0.33-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-PDF-API2.noarch                    0.69-5.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-PDL.i386                           2.4.3-4.fc8               fedora        
perl-PHP-Serialization.noarch           0.27-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-POE.noarch                         0.9989-1.fc7              fedora        
perl-POE-API-Peek.noarch                1.0802-1.fc7              fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Child.noarch         1.39-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Client-DNS.noarch    1.00-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Client-HTTP.noarch   0.82-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Client-Keepalive.noarch
                                        0.1000-1.fc7              fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Client-LDAP.noarch   0.04-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-DBIAgent.noarch      0.26-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-IRC.noarch           5.29-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-JobQueue.noarch      0.5500-2.fc6              fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Logger.noarch        1.00-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-SNMP.noarch          1.07-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-SSLify.noarch        0.08-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Server-HTTP.noarch   0.09-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Server-SOAP.noarch   1.11-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Server-SimpleHTTP.noarch
                                        1.23-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-Server-XMLRPC.noarch 0.05-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Component-SimpleDBI.noarch     1.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-POE-Component-SimpleLog.noarch     1.04-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-POE-Filter-IRCD.noarch             2.2-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-POE-Filter-Zlib.noarch             1.8-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-POE-Wheel-Null.noarch              0.01-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-PPI.noarch                         1.118-1.fc6               fedora        
perl-PPI-HTML.noarch                    1.07-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-PPI-Tester.noarch                  0.06-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-Package-Constants.noarch           0.01-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Package-Generator.noarch           0.100-2.fc6               fedora        
perl-PadWalker.i386                     1.5-1.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-Parallel-ForkManager.noarch        0.7.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Params-CallbackRequest.noarch      1.17-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Params-Check.noarch                0.26-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Params-Coerce.noarch               0.14-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Params-Util.noarch                 0.33-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Params-Validate.i386               0.91-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Parse-CPAN-Meta.noarch             0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Parse-CPAN-Packages.noarch         2.26-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch            1.95.1-2.fc8              fedora        
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                  1.05-36.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-ParseLex.noarch                    2.15-11.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-PatchReader.noarch                 0.9.5-4.fc8.2             fedora        
perl-Path-Class.noarch                  0.16-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Perl-Critic.noarch                 1.053-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Perl-MinimumVersion.noarch         1.19-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Perl6-Bible.noarch                 0.30-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-PerlIO-eol.i386                    0.14-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-PerlIO-via-dynamic.noarch          0.12-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-PerlIO-via-symlink.noarch          0.05-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Perlbal-XS-HTTPHeaders.i386        0.19-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Pipeline.noarch                    3.12-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Pod-Coverage.noarch                0.18-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                 1.04-5.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Pod-POM.noarch                     0.17-7.fc8                fedora        
perl-Pod-Readme.noarch                  0.090-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                  3.05-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Pod-Spell.noarch                   1.01-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Pod-Strip.noarch                   1.02-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Pod-Tests.noarch                   1.19-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-PostScript.noarch                  0.06-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Proc-Daemon.noarch                 0.03-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Proc-ProcessTable.i386             0.41-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Pugs-Compiler-Rule.noarch          0.26-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-QWizard.noarch                     3.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-RPC-XML.noarch                     0.60-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-RPM-Specfile.noarch                1.51-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-RPM2.i386                          0.67-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-RRD-Simple.noarch                  1.43-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Razor-Agent.i386                   2.85-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Readonly.noarch                    1.03-6.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Readonly-XS.i386                   1.04-8.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch               2.122-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Regexp-Shellish.noarch             0.93-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Return-Value.noarch                1.302-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-SDL.i386                           2.1.3-6.fc8               fedora        
perl-SGML-Parser-OpenSP.i386            0.99-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                     1.03ii-16.2.1             fedora        
perl-SNMP-Info.noarch                   1.04-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                1.08-3.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-SOAP-Lite.noarch                   0.710.07-1.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-SQL-Abstract.noarch                1.22-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-SQL-Abstract-Limit.noarch          0.12-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-SQL-Library.noarch                 0.0.3-2.fc8.2             fedora        
perl-SQL-Statement.noarch               1.15-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-SQL-Translator.noarch              0.08001-2.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-SUPER.noarch                       1.16-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-SVG.noarch                         2.44-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-SVG-Graph.noarch                   0.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-SVK.noarch                         2.0.2-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-SVN-Mirror.noarch                  0.73-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-SVN-Simple.noarch                  0.27-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Scalar-Properties.noarch           0.12-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Scope-Guard.noarch                 0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Set-Infinite.noarch                0.61-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Set-IntSpan.noarch                 1.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Set-Scalar.noarch                  1.20-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Smart-Comments.noarch              1:v1.0.3-1.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-Socket6.i386                       0.19-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Sort-Naturally.noarch              1.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Sort-Versions.noarch               1.5-7.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Spiffy.noarch                      0.30-7.fc7                fedora        
perl-Spoon.noarch                       0.24-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.i386        0.3200-1.fc8              fedora        
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel-Simple.noarch
                                        1.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch      2.18-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel-Simple.noarch
                                        1.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Statistics-Descriptive.noarch      2.6-2.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-String-Approx.i386                 3.26-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-String-Format.noarch               1.14-1.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-String-Random.noarch               0.22-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch           1.03-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                0.981-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Sub-Identify.noarch                0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                 0.924-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Sub-Name.i386                      0.04-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Sub-Uplevel.noarch                 0.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Sys-SigAction.noarch               0.10-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Sys-Syscall.noarch                 0.22-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Sys-Virt.i386                      0.1.1-9.fc7               fedora        
perl-Sysadm-Install.noarch              0.27-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-TAP-Harness.noarch                 3.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-TAP-Harness-Archive.noarch         0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Taint-Runtime.i386                 0.03-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                 1.02-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-TeX-Hyphen.noarch                  0.140-5.fc8.1             fedora        
perl-Template-Alloy.noarch              1.007-3.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Template-GD.noarch                 2.66-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Template-Plugin-Class.noarch       0.13-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Template-Provider-Encoding.noarch  0.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Template-Timer.noarch              0.04-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Template-Toolkit.i386              2.19-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Template-Toolkit-examples.i386     2.19-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Term-ProgressBar.noarch            2.09-2.fc6                fedora        
perl-Term-ReadLine-Gnu.i386             1.17a-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Term-ReadPassword.noarch           0.07-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Term-Size.i386                     0.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-Term-UI.noarch                     0.16-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-TermReadKey.i386                   2.30-2                    fedora        
perl-Test-AutoBuild.noarch              1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-account.noarch      1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-bzr.noarch          1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-cvs.noarch          1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-darcs.noarch        1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-git.noarch          1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-mercurial.noarch    1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-monotone.noarch     1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-perforce.noarch     1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-subversion.noarch   1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-svk.noarch          1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-AutoBuild-tla.noarch          1.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-Base.noarch                   0.54-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-Block.noarch                  0.11-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta.noarch              0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Class.noarch                  0.24-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-ClassAPI.noarch               1.05-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Cmd.noarch                    1.05-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Test-Deep.noarch                   0.098-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Test-Differences.noarch            0.47-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Test-Distribution.noarch           1.26-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-Exception.noarch              0.27-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Expect.noarch                 0.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-File.noarch                   1.16-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Test-File-Contents.noarch          0.05-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-HTTP-Server-Simple.noarch     0.09-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Harness.i386                  2.56-41.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-Inline.noarch                 2.208-3.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-LongString.noarch             0.11-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-Manifest.noarch               1.17-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-Memory-Cycle.noarch           1.04-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Test-MinimumVersion.noarch         0.008-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-Mock-LWP.noarch               0.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-MockModule.noarch             0.05-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-MockObject.noarch             1.08-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-MockTime.noarch               0.09-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-NoWarnings.noarch             0.083-2.fc7               fedora        
perl-Test-Number-Delta.noarch           1.03-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-Object.noarch                 0.07-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Test-Output.noarch                 0.10-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-Perl-Critic.noarch            1.01-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-Pod.noarch                    1.26-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-Test-Pod-Coverage.noarch           1.08-3.fc6                fedora        
perl-Test-Portability-Files.noarch      0.05-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-Prereq.noarch                 1.033-1.fc7               fedora        
perl-Test-Script.noarch                 1.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Simple.i386                   0.62-41.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Test-Spelling.noarch               0.11-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-SubCalls.noarch               1.08-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Taint.i386                    1.04-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-Tester.noarch                 0.106-1.fc8               fedora        
perl-Test-Unit.noarch                   0.25-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize.noarch          1.14-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize-Catalyst.noarch 0.42-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-Warn.noarch                   0.10-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-Test-YAML-Meta.noarch              0.06-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-YAML-Valid.noarch             0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Test-use-ok.noarch                 0.02-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-ASCIITable.noarch             0.18-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-Aspell.i386                   0.09-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-Autoformat.noarch             1.13-5.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-CHM.i386                      0.01-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Text-CSV_XS.i386                   0.30-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-CharWidth.i386                0.04-5.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                   0.35-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-Diff-HTML.noarch              0.04-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-Format.noarch                 0.52-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                   0.08-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-Iconv.i386                    1.5-1.fc8                 fedora        
perl-Text-Kakasi.i386                   2.04-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-Levenshtein.noarch            0.05-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-LevenshteinXS.i386            0.03-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-Markdown.noarch               1.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-Text-Quoted.noarch                 2.05-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-RecordParser.noarch           v1.2.1-3.fc7              fedora        
perl-Text-Reform.noarch                 1.11-7.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-Shellwords.noarch             1.08-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-SimpleTable.noarch            0.03-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-Smart.noarch                  1.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Text-Smart-Plugin.noarch           1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Text-SpellChecker.noarch           0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-TabularDisplay.noarch         1.22-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Text-Template.noarch               1.45-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-Tree.noarch                   1.0-2.fc8.2               fedora        
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch              0.04-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Text-WikiFormat.noarch             0.79-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-WordDiff.noarch               0.02-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Text-WrapI18N.noarch               0.06-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-Wrapper.noarch                1.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-vFile-asData.noarch           0.05-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Text-vFile-asData-utils.noarch     0.05-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Tie-DBI.noarch                     1.02-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-Tie-EncryptedHash.noarch           1.21-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Tie-IxHash.noarch                  1.21-6.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Tie-ToObject.noarch                0.03-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Time-Duration.noarch               1.06-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-Time-Period.noarch                 1.20-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Time-Piece.i386                    1.09-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-Time-Piece-MySQL.noarch            0.05-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-Time-modules.noarch                2003.1126-4.fc8.1         fedora        
perl-TimeDate.noarch                    1:1.16-6.fc8              fedora        
perl-Tk.i386                            804.028-3.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-Tk-TableMatrix.i386                1.23-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Tree-DAG_Node.noarch               1.05-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-Tree-Simple.noarch                 1.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Tree-Simple-VisitorFactory.noarch  0.10-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-UNIVERSAL-can.noarch               1.12-1.fc6                fedora        
perl-UNIVERSAL-exports.noarch           0.05-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch               0.06-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-UNIVERSAL-moniker.noarch           0.08-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-UNIVERSAL-require.noarch           0.11-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-URI.noarch                         1.35-3.1                  fedora        
perl-URI-Fetch.noarch                   0.08-3.fc8                fedora        
perl-URI-FromHash.noarch                0.03-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Unicode-Map.i386                   0.112-11.fc8              fedora        
perl-Unicode-Map8.i386                  0.12-14.fc8               fedora        
perl-Unicode-MapUTF8.noarch             1.11-6.fc8                fedora        
perl-Unicode-String.i386                2.09-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-Unix-Statgrab.i386                 0.04-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-Unix-Syslog.i386                   1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
perl-User.noarch                        1.8-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-User-Identity.noarch               0.92-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-WWW-Babelfish.noarch               0.16-1.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-WWW-Bugzilla.noarch                0.9-1.fc8.1               fedora        
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch               1.32-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-WWW-Myspace.noarch                 0.60-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-WWW-Search.noarch                  2.496-3.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-Want.i386                          0.18-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-Workflow.noarch                    0.26-3.fc7                fedora        
perl-Wx.i386                            0.74-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-X11-Protocol.noarch                0.56-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-Atom-SimpleFeed.noarch         0.8-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
perl-XML-DOM.noarch                     1.44-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-XML-DOM-XPath.noarch               0.14-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                  0.81-2.fc8.2              fedora        
perl-XML-Entities.noarch                0.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Filter-BufferText.noarch       1.01-2.fc7                fedora        
perl-XML-Filter-XInclude.noarch         1.0-1.fc7                 fedora        
perl-XML-Generator-DBI.noarch           1.00-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Grove.noarch                   0.46alpha-30              fedora        
perl-XML-Handler-YAWriter.noarch        0.23-4.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-LibXML.i386                    1.62001-2.fc8.3           fedora        
perl-XML-LibXML-Common.i386             0.13-9                    fedora        
perl-XML-LibXSLT.i386                   1.62-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-Merge.noarch                   1.2.565EgGd-2.fc8         updates-newkey
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch        1.09-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-XML-Parser.i386                    2.34-8                    fedora        
perl-XML-RSS.noarch                     1.31-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-RegExp.noarch                  0.03-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                     0.16-2.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-SAX-Writer.noarch              0.50-3.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                  2.17-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-Smart.noarch                   1.6.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-XML-Stream.noarch                  1.22-8.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Tidy.noarch                    1.2.54HJnFa-3.fc8         updates-newkey
perl-XML-TreeBuilder.noarch             3.09-9.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-Twig.noarch                    3.29-4.fc8                fedora        
perl-XML-Validator-Schema.noarch        1.08-1.fc7                fedora        
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                  0.604-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                   1.13-4.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-XML-XPathEngine.noarch             0.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-XML-XQL.noarch                     0.68-4.fc7                fedora        
perl-XML-Xerces.i386                    2.7.0_0-4.fc8             updates-newkey
perl-YAML.noarch                        0.66-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-YAML-Parser-Syck.i386              0.01-8.fc7                fedora        
perl-YAML-Syck.i386                     0.98-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                   1.13-1.fc8                fedora        
perl-aliased.noarch                     0.22-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-asa.noarch                         0.02-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-bioperl.noarch                     1.5.2_102-9.fc8           fedora        
perl-bioperl-run.noarch                 1.5.2_100-2.fc8           fedora        
perl-capitalization.noarch              0.03-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-ccom.i386                          1.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-clearsilver.i386                   0.10.4-5.fc8              fedora        
perl-core.i386                          5.8.8-41.fc8              updates-newkey
perl-devel.i386                         4:5.8.8-41.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-ekg2.i386                          0.2-0.1.rc1.fc8           updates-newkey
perl-eperl.i386                         2.2.14-4.fc7              fedora        
perl-gettext.i386                       1.05-11.fc8               fedora        
perl-libapreq2.i386                     2.09-0.rc2.11.fc8         updates-newkey
perl-libintl.i386                       1.16-5.fc8                fedora        
perl-libwhisker2.noarch                 2.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                 5.808-3.fc8               fedora        
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                 0.08-2                    fedora        
perl-mecab.i386                         0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-namespace-clean.noarch             0.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-obexftp.i386                       0.22-0.5.rc7.fc8          fedora        
perl-parent.noarch                      0.221-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-perlmenu.noarch                    4.0-5.fc8                 fedora        
perl-pmtools.noarch                     1.01-2.fc8.1              fedora        
perl-prefork.noarch                     1.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
perl-qooxdoo-compat.noarch              0.7.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
perl-suidperl.i386                      4:5.8.8-41.fc8            updates-newkey
perl-udunits.i386                       1.12.4-12.fc8             fedora        
perl-version.i386                       1:0.7203-2.fc8            fedora        
perltidy.noarch                         20070801-1.fc8            fedora        
pessulus.noarch                         2.16.2-2.fc7              fedora        
petitboot.i386                          0.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
pexpect.noarch                          2.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
pfmon.i386                              3.2-0.061205.3.fc8        fedora        
pfqueue.i386                            0.5.6-6.fc8               fedora        
pgadmin3.i386                           1.8.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pgadmin3-docs.i386                      1.8.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pgbouncer.i386                          1.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
pgfouine.noarch                         1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
pgp-tools.noarch                        0.4.12-1.fc8              fedora        
pguiman.i386                            0.0.1-3.fc8               fedora        
pharosc.noarch                          8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-alliance.noarch                 8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-alliance-devel.noarch           8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-doc.noarch                      8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-magic.noarch                    8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-magic-devel.noarch              8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-synopsys.noarch                 8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
pharosc-xcircuit.noarch                 8.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
phasex.i386                             0.11.1-4.fc8              updates-newkey
phonon.i386                             4.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
phonon-backend-gstreamer.i386           4.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
phonon-backend-xine.i386                4.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
phonon-devel.i386                       4.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
photoml.noarch                          0.25-1.fc8                updates-newkey
php-Smarty.noarch                       2.6.20-2.fc8              updates-newkey
php-adodb.noarch                        4.95-1.a.fc8              fedora        
php-bcmath.i386                         5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-channel-phing.noarch                1.0.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
php-channel-phpdb.noarch                1.0.0-4.fc8               fedora        
php-channel-phpunit.noarch              1.0-2.fc7                 fedora        
php-channel-symfony.noarch              1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-dba.i386                            5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-devel.i386                          5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-eaccelerator.i386                   1:0.9.5.2-1.fc8           updates-newkey
php-embedded.i386                       5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-gd.i386                             5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-idn.i386                            1.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
php-imap.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-laconica.noarch                     0.5.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-ldap.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-magickwand.i386                     1.0.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-magpierss.noarch                    0.72-3.fc7                fedora        
php-manual-en.noarch                    20070617-1.fc8            updates-newkey
php-mapserver.i386                      4.10.3-2.fc8              fedora        
php-mbstring.i386                       5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-mcrypt.i386                         5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-mhash.i386                          5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-mssql.i386                          5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-mysql.i386                          5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-ncurses.i386                        5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-oauth.noarch                        1.0-0.5.svn592.fc8        updates-newkey
php-odbc.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pdo.i386                            5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear.noarch                         1:1.6.2-2.fc8             fedora        
php-pear-Auth.noarch                    1.6.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Auth-OpenID.noarch             2.1.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Auth-RADIUS.noarch             1.0.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Auth-SASL.noarch               1.0.2-4.fc6               fedora        
php-pear-Auth-radius.noarch             1.6.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Auth-samba.noarch              1.6.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Benchmark.noarch               1.2.7-1.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-Cache.noarch                   1.5.5-0.2.RC4.fc8         fedora        
php-pear-Cache-Lite.noarch              1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Console-Color.noarch           1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Console-Getargs.noarch         1.3.4-1.fc8.1             fedora        
php-pear-Console-ProgressBar.noarch     0.5.2-0.2.beta.fc8        updates-newkey
php-pear-Console-Table.noarch           1.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Crypt-CHAP.noarch              1.0.1-1.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-DB.noarch                      1.7.13-1.fc8              fedora        
php-pear-DB-DataObject.noarch           1.8.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-DB-DataObject-FormBuilder.noarch
                                        1.0.0-0.5.RC7.fc7         fedora        
php-pear-DB-QueryTool.noarch            1.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Date.noarch                    1.4.7-2.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Date-Holidays.noarch           0.20.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-Event-Dispatcher.noarch        1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-File.noarch                    1.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-File-Find.noarch               1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-File-Passwd.noarch             1.1.6-2.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-File-SMBPasswd.noarch          1.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-HTML-Common.noarch             1.2.4-1.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-HTML-QuickForm.noarch          3.2.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-HTML-QuickForm-ElementGrid.noarch
                                        0.1.1-1.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-HTML-QuickForm-advmultiselect.noarch
                                        1.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-HTML-Table.noarch              1.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-HTTP.noarch                    1.4.0-8.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-HTTP-Client.noarch             1.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-HTTP-Request.noarch            1.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-HTTP-Upload.noarch             0.9.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Image-Canvas.noarch            0.3.1-1.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-Image-Color.noarch             1.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Image-Graph.noarch             0.7.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Image-Graph-roman.noarch       0.7.2-2.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Image-Graph-words.noarch       0.7.2-2.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Image-GraphViz.noarch          1.2.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Log.noarch                     1.11.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-MDB2.noarch                    2.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-MDB2-Driver-mysql.noarch       1.4.1-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
php-pear-MDB2-Driver-mysqli.noarch      1.4.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-MDB2-Driver-pgsql.noarch       1.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Mail.noarch                    1.1.14-2.fc8              fedora        
php-pear-Mail-Mime.noarch               1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Mail-mimeDecode.noarch         1.5.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Math-Stats.noarch              0.9.0-0.1.beta3.fc7       fedora        
php-pear-Net-Curl.noarch                1.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-DIME.noarch                1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-FTP.noarch                 1.3.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-POP3.noarch                1.3.6-2.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Net-Ping.noarch                2.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-SMTP.noarch                1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-Sieve.noarch               1.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-Socket.noarch              1.0.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-Traceroute.noarch          0.21.1-2.fc8              fedora        
php-pear-Net-URL.noarch                 1.0.15-1.fc8              fedora        
php-pear-Net-URL-Mapper.noarch          0.9.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Net-UserAgent-Detect.noarch    2.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Numbers-Roman.noarch           1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Numbers-Words.noarch           0.15.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-PEAR-Command-Packaging.noarch  0.1.2-5.fc6               fedora        
php-pear-PHP-CodeSniffer.noarch         1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-PHP-Compat.noarch              1.5.0-1.fc6               fedora        
php-pear-PHP-CompatInfo.noarch          1.7.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-PHPUnit.noarch                 3.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Pager.noarch                   2.4.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Payment-Process.noarch         0.6.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Phlickr.noarch                 0.2.7-2.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-PhpDocumentor.noarch           1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-PhpDocumentor-docs.noarch      1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-SOAP.noarch                    0.12.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-Services-Weather.noarch        1.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid.noarch     0.9.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-DataSource-Array.noarch
                                        0.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-DataSource-DataObject.noarch
                                        0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-DataSource-MDB2.noarch
                                        0.1.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-DataSource-RSS.noarch
                                        0.1.1-1.fc7               fedora        
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-Renderer-Pager.noarch
                                        0.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Structures-DataGrid-Renderer-Smarty.noarch
                                        0.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Validate.noarch                0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-Validate-Finance-CreditCard.noarch
                                        0.5.2-1.fc6               fedora        
php-pear-Var-Dump.noarch                1.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-XML-Beautifier.noarch          1.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
php-pear-XML-Parser.noarch              1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-XML-RSS.noarch                 0.9.10-5.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pear-XML-Serializer.noarch          0.18.0-3.fc7              fedora        
php-pear-XML-Util.noarch                1.1.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-creole.noarch                  1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
php-pear-pake.noarch                    1.1.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-phing.noarch                   2.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-propel_generator.noarch        1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pear-propel_runtime.noarch          1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pecl-Fileinfo.i386                  1.0.4-3.fc8               fedora        
php-pecl-apc.i386                       3.0.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
php-pecl-mailparse.i386                 2.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pecl-memcache.i386                  2.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pecl-phar.i386                      1.2.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pecl-radius.i386                    1.2.5-5.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pecl-xdebug.i386                    2.0.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
php-pgsql.i386                          5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-shout.i386                          0.9.2-1.fc8               fedora        
php-snmp.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-soap.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-spyc.noarch                         0.2.5-1.fc8               fedora        
php-tidy.i386                           5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-xmlrpc.i386                         5.2.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
php-xmpphp.noarch                       0.1-0.2.beta_r50.fc8      updates-newkey
phpMyAdmin.noarch                       3.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
phpPgAdmin.noarch                       4.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
phpTodo.noarch                          0.8.1-0.8.beta.fc8        fedora        
phpcs.noarch                            1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
phpdoc.noarch                           1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
phpldapadmin.noarch                     1.0.1-1.fc6               fedora        
phpwapmail.noarch                       0.9.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
physfs.i386                             1.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
physfs-devel.i386                       1.0.1-7.fc8               fedora        
pic2aa.i386                             0.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
picard.i386                             0.11-2.fc8                updates-newkey
piccolo.i386                            1.04-2jpp.2.fc7           fedora        
piccolo-javadoc.i386                    1.04-2jpp.2.fc7           fedora        
picocom.i386                            1.4-3.fc6                 fedora        
pida.i386                               0.5.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin.i386                             2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin-devel.i386                       2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin-docs.i386                        2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin-facebookchat.i386                1.35-2.fc8                updates-newkey
pidgin-guifications.i386                2.14-2.fc7                fedora        
pidgin-knotify.i386                     0.1-5.fc8                 fedora        
pidgin-libnotify.i386                   0.13-2.fc8                fedora        
pidgin-otr.i386                         3.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin-perl.i386                        2.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pidgin-rhythmbox.i386                   2.0-1.fc7                 fedora        
pigment.i386                            0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
pigment-devel.i386                      0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
pikdev.i386                             0.9.2-3.fc8               fedora        
piklab.i386                             0.15.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pikloops.i386                           0.2.5-1.fc8               fedora        
pilot-link.i386                         2:0.12.2-21.fc8           updates-newkey
pilot-link-devel.i386                   2:0.12.2-21.fc8           updates-newkey
pils.i386                               2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pinball.i386                            0.3.1-9.fc8               fedora        
pinball-devel.i386                      0.3.1-9.fc8               fedora        
pinentry-gtk.i386                       0.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pinentry-qt.i386                        0.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pingus.i386                             0.7.1-1.fc8               fedora        
pinot.i386                              0.89-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pinot-deskbar.i386                      0.89-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pioneers.i386                           0.11.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
pioneers-editor.i386                    0.11.3-3.fc8              updates-newkey
pipenightdreams.i386                    0.10.0-7.fc8              fedora        
pipepanic.i386                          0.1.3-4.fc8               fedora        
pirut.noarch                            1.3.31-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pisg.noarch                             0.72-3.fc8                updates-newkey
pitivi.noarch                           0.11.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pixman.i386                             0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pixman-devel.i386                       0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pl.i386                                 5.6.57-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pl-devel.i386                           5.6.57-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pl-jpl.i386                             5.6.57-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pl-static.i386                          5.6.57-2.fc8              updates-newkey
plague.noarch                           0.4.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
plague-builder.noarch                   0.4.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
plague-client.noarch                    0.4.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
plague-common.noarch                    0.4.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
plague-utils.noarch                     0.4.5.6-1.fc8             updates-newkey
planet.noarch                           2.0-4.fc8                 fedora        
planets.i386                            0.1.13-2.fc8              updates-newkey
planner.i386                            0.14.2-9.fc8              fedora        
planner-devel.i386                      0.14.2-9.fc8              fedora        
planner-eds.i386                        0.14.2-9.fc8              fedora        
player.i386                             2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
player-devel.i386                       2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
player-doc.i386                         2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
player-examples.i386                    2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
player-python.i386                      2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
player-static.i386                      2.1.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
plexus-ant-factory.i386                 1.0-0.1.a1.2jpp.5.fc8     fedora        
plexus-ant-factory-javadoc.i386         1.0-0.1.a1.2jpp.5.fc8     fedora        
plexus-appserver.i386                   1.0-0.1.a5.3jpp.3.fc8     fedora        
plexus-appserver-javadoc.i386           1.0-0.1.a5.3jpp.3.fc8     fedora        
plexus-archiver.i386                    1.0-0.1.a6.1jpp.1.fc7     fedora        
plexus-archiver-javadoc.i386            1.0-0.1.a6.1jpp.1.fc7     fedora        
plexus-bsh-factory.i386                 1.0-0.1.a7s.2jpp.5.fc8    fedora        
plexus-bsh-factory-javadoc.i386         1.0-0.1.a7s.2jpp.5.fc8    fedora        
plexus-cdc.i386                         1.0-0.1.a4.2jpp.3.fc8     fedora        
plexus-cdc-javadoc.i386                 1.0-0.1.a4.2jpp.3.fc8     fedora        
plexus-compiler.noarch                  1.5.2-2jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
plexus-compiler-javadoc.noarch          1.5.2-2jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
plexus-container-default.noarch         1.0-0.1.a8.1jpp.1.fc7     fedora        
plexus-container-default-javadoc.noarch 1.0-0.1.a8.1jpp.1.fc7     fedora        
plexus-i18n.noarch                      1.0-0.b6.3jpp.1.fc7       fedora        
plexus-i18n-javadoc.noarch              1.0-0.b6.3jpp.1.fc7       fedora        
plexus-interactivity.noarch             1.0-0.1.a5.2jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
plexus-interactivity-javadoc.noarch     1.0-0.1.a5.2jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
plexus-maven-plugin.i386                1.2-2jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
plexus-maven-plugin-javadoc.i386        1.2-2jpp.2.fc8            fedora        
plexus-runtime-builder.i386             1.0-0.1.a9.2jpp.2.fc8     fedora        
plexus-runtime-builder-javadoc.i386     1.0-0.1.a9.2jpp.2.fc8     fedora        
plexus-utils.noarch                     1.2-2jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
plexus-utils-javadoc.noarch             1.2-2jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
plexus-velocity.i386                    1.1.2-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
plexus-velocity-javadoc.i386            1.1.2-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
plexus-xmlrpc.i386                      1.0-0.1.b4.3jpp.6.fc8     fedora        
plexus-xmlrpc-javadoc.i386              1.0-0.1.b4.3jpp.6.fc8     fedora        
plib.i386                               1.8.4-9.fc8               fedora        
plib-devel.i386                         1.8.4-9.fc8               fedora        
plotmm.i386                             0.1.2-5.fc6               fedora        
plotmm-devel.i386                       0.1.2-5.fc6               fedora        
plotmm-examples.i386                    0.1.2-5.fc6               fedora        
plotutils.i386                          2.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
plotutils-devel.i386                    2.5-4.fc8                 fedora        
plplot.i386                             5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-devel.i386                       5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-gnome.i386                       5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-gnome-devel.i386                 5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-java.i386                        5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-java-devel.i386                  5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-libs.i386                        5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-octave.i386                      5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-perl.i386                        5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-tk.i386                          5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-tk-devel.i386                    5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-wxGTK.i386                       5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plplot-wxGTK-devel.i386                 5.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
plt-scheme.i386                         371-1.fc8                 fedora        
pmd.noarch                              3.6-1jpp.3.fc7            fedora        
pmd-javadoc.noarch                      3.6-1jpp.3.fc7            fedora        
pmd-manual.noarch                       3.6-1jpp.3.fc7            fedora        
pmount.i386                             0.9.13-1.fc7              fedora        
pmpu.noarch                             0.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
pmtools.i386                            20071116-1.fc8            updates-newkey
pnm2ppa.i386                            1:1.04-14.fc8             fedora        
po4a.noarch                             0.32-8.fc8                updates-newkey
podsleuth.i386                          0.6.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
podsleuth-devel.i386                    0.6.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poedit.i386                             1.3.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-bot.noarch                        1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-client-lib.noarch                 1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-engine.noarch                     1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-engine-devel.noarch               1.3.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-eval.i386                         135.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-eval-devel.i386                   135.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-network.noarch                    1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-network-devel.noarch              1.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
poker-network-devel.i386                1.6.0-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
poker-network-selinux.noarch            1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-server.noarch                     1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker-web.noarch                        1.6.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poker2d.i386                            1.6.0-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
poker2d-common.i386                     1.6.0-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
poker2d-kde.i386                        1.2.0-1.fc8               fedora        
poker3d.i386                            1.1.36-13.fc8.1           updates-newkey
poker3d-data.noarch                     1.1.36-3.fc8              updates-newkey
policycoreutils.i386                    2.0.33-3.fc8              updates-newkey
policycoreutils-gui.i386                2.0.33-3.fc8              updates-newkey
policycoreutils-newrole.i386            2.0.33-3.fc8              updates-newkey
polyester.i386                          1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
polyml.i386                             5.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
polyml-doc.i386                         5.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
polyml-libs.i386                        5.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
polyxmass-bin.i386                      0.9.7-2.fc8               fedora        
pop-before-smtp.noarch                  1.41-2.fc6                fedora        
poppler.i386                            0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-devel.i386                      0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-qt.i386                         0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-qt-devel.i386                   0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-qt4.i386                        0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-qt4-devel.i386                  0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
poppler-utils.i386                      0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
popt-devel.i386                         1.13-4.fc8                updates-newkey
popt-static.i386                        1.13-4.fc8                updates-newkey
pork.i386                               0.99.8.1-7.fc8            fedora        
portaudio.i386                          19-5.fc8                  updates-newkey
portaudio-devel.i386                    19-5.fc8                  updates-newkey
poster.i386                             20060221-4.fc8            fedora        
postfix.i386                            2:2.5.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
postfix-pflogsumm.i386                  2:2.5.5-1.fc8             updates-newkey
postgis.i386                            1.3.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
postgis-jdbc.i386                       1.3.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
postgis-utils.i386                      1.3.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
postgresql.i386                         8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-contrib.i386                 8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-dbi-link.noarch              2.0.0-3.fc7               fedora        
postgresql-devel.i386                   8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-docs.i386                    8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-ip4r.i386                    1.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
postgresql-jdbc.i386                    8.2.506-1jpp.fc8          fedora        
postgresql-libs.i386                    8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-odbc.i386                    08.02.0500-1.fc8          updates-newkey
postgresql-odbcng.i386                  0.90.101-1.fc8            updates-newkey
postgresql-pgpool.i386                  3.4.1-1.fc8               fedora        
postgresql-pgpool-II.i386               2.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
postgresql-pgpool-II-devel.i386         2.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
postgresql-pgpoolAdmin.noarch           1.0.0-7.fc8               fedora        
postgresql-plperl.i386                  8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-plpython.i386                8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-pltcl.i386                   8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-python.i386                  8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-server.i386                  8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-table_log.i386               0.4.4-3.fc8               fedora        
postgresql-tcl.i386                     8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql-test.i386                    8.2.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
postgresql_autodoc.noarch               1.31-1.fc8                updates-newkey
postgrey.noarch                         1.30-1.fc8                fedora        
postr.noarch                            0.12-1.fc8.1              updates-newkey
powerman.i386                           2.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
powermanga.i386                         0.90-1                    fedora        
powertop.i386                           1.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
ppl.i386                                0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-devel.i386                          0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-docs.i386                           0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-gprolog.i386                        0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-gprolog-static.i386                 0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-pwl.i386                            0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-pwl-devel.i386                      0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-pwl-static.i386                     0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-static.i386                         0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-swiprolog.i386                      0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-swiprolog-static.i386               0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-utils.i386                          0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-yap.i386                            0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppl-yap-static.i386                     0.9-16.fc8                fedora        
ppracer.i386                            0.3.1-13.fc8              fedora        
pptp.i386                               1.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
prboom.i386                             2.4.7-2.fc8               fedora        
prcsys.i386                             0-0.6.20070622svn.fc8     fedora        
prelink.i386                            0.4.0-1                   fedora        
preload.i386                            0.4-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
prelude-lml.i386                        0.9.12.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
prelude-lml-devel.i386                  0.9.12.2-1.fc8            updates-newkey
prelude-manager.i386                    0.9.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
prelude-manager-db-plugin.i386          0.9.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
prelude-manager-devel.i386              0.9.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
prelude-manager-xml-plugin.i386         0.9.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
presto-utils.noarch                     0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
preupgrade.noarch                       1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
prewikka.noarch                         0.9.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
primer3.i386                            1.1.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
printer-filters.noarch                  1.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
printoxx.i386                           1.6-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
privoxy.i386                            3.0.6-8.fc8               fedora        
procbench.i386                          0.8.2a-2.fc8              updates-newkey
procinfo.i386                           18-22.fc8                 fedora        
professor-is-missing.noarch             0.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
proftpd.i386                            1.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
proftpd-ldap.i386                       1.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
proftpd-mysql.i386                      1.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
proftpd-postgresql.i386                 1.3.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
proj.i386                               4.5.0-1.fc7               fedora        
proj-devel.i386                         4.5.0-1.fc7               fedora        
proj-nad.i386                           4.5.0-1.fc7               fedora        
projectM-libvisual.i386                 1.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf.i386                           2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-compiler.i386                  2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-devel.i386                     2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-java.i386                      2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-javadoc.i386                   2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-python.i386                    2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-static.i386                    2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
protobuf-vim.i386                       2.0.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
proxychains.i386                        3.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
proxyknife.i386                         1.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
prozilla.i386                           2.0.4-7.fc7               fedora        
prozilla-devel.i386                     2.0.4-7.fc7               fedora        
ps2eps.i386                             1.64-3.fc8                fedora        
pscan.i386                              1.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
psgml.noarch                            1.2.5-6.fc7               fedora        
psi.i386                                0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
psi-i18n.i386                           0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
psi-icons.i386                          0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
psiconv.i386                            0.9.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
psiconv-devel.i386                      0.9.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pssh.noarch                             1.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pstack.i386                             1.2-7.2.2                 fedora        
pstoedit.i386                           3.45-1.fc8                fedora        
pstoedit-devel.i386                     3.45-1.fc8                fedora        
pstreams-devel.noarch                   0.6.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
psutils.i386                            1.17-27.fc8               fedora        
pth-devel.i386                          2.0.7-3                   fedora        
ptouch-driver.i386                      1.2-8.fc8                 fedora        
ptrash.i386                             1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
publican.noarch                         0.33-0.fc8                updates-newkey
publican-doc.noarch                     0.33-0.fc8                updates-newkey
publican-fedora.noarch                  0.12-0.fc8                updates-newkey
publican-genome.noarch                  1.0-0.t3.fc8              updates-newkey
pulseaudio.i386                         0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-core-libs.i386               0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-esound-compat.i386           0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-libs.i386                    0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-libs-devel.i386              0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.i386              0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-libs-zeroconf.i386           0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.i386        0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-gconf.i386            0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-jack.i386             0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-lirc.i386             0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-x11.i386              0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-module-zeroconf.i386         0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pulseaudio-utils.i386                   0.9.8-5.fc8               updates-newkey
pungi.noarch                            1.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
puppet.noarch                           0.24.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
puppet-server.noarch                    0.24.6-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pure-ftpd.i386                          1.0.21-13.fc8             fedora        
pure-ftpd-selinux.i386                  1.0.21-13.fc8             fedora        
puretls.i386                            0.9-0.b5.4jpp.1           fedora        
puretls-demo.i386                       0.9-0.b5.4jpp.1           fedora        
puretls-javadoc.i386                    0.9-0.b5.4jpp.1           fedora        
purple-facebookchat.i386                1.38-1.fc8                updates-newkey
purple-galago.i386                      0.5.1-5.fc8               fedora        
purple-plugin_pack.i386                 2.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
purple-plugin_pack-pidgin.i386          2.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
purple-plugin_pack-pidgin-xmms.i386     2.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
putty.i386                              0.60-2.fc8                fedora        
pv.i386                                 1.1.0-2.fc8               fedora        
pvm.i386                                3.4.5-11.fc8              updates-newkey
pvm-gui.i386                            3.4.5-11.fc8              updates-newkey
pwgen.i386                              2.06-2.fc8                fedora        
pwlib.i386                              1.10.10-2.fc8             fedora        
pwlib-devel.i386                        1.10.10-2.fc8             fedora        
pwsafe.i386                             0.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
pyOpenSSL.i386                          0.6-1.p24.9               fedora        
pyPdf.noarch                            1.10-4.fc8                updates-newkey
pybackpack.noarch                       0.5.1-2.fc8               fedora        
pybliographer.noarch                    1.2.12-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pybluez.i386                            0.9.2-1.fc7               fedora        
pycairo.i386                            1.4.12-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pycairo-devel.i386                      1.4.12-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pychart.noarch                          1.39-6.fc8                fedora        
pychart-doc.noarch                      1.39-6.fc8                fedora        
pychecker.noarch                        0.8.17-2                  fedora        
pychess.noarch                          0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
pyclutter.i386                          0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyclutter-cairo.i386                    0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyclutter-devel.i386                    0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyclutter-gst.i386                      0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyclutter-gtk.i386                      0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pydict.noarch                           0.3.0-11.fc8              fedora        
pydot.noarch                            0.9.10-5.fc7              fedora        
pyephem.i386                            3.7.2.3-2.fc8             updates-newkey
pyexiv2.i386                            0.1.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
pyfits.noarch                           1.3-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
pyflakes.noarch                         0.2.1-3.fc7               fedora        
pyflowtools.i386                        0.3.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pyfribidi.i386                          0.6.0-3.fc7               fedora        
pygame.i386                             1.7.1-17.fc8              updates-newkey
pygame-devel.i386                       1.7.1-17.fc8              updates-newkey
pygobject2-devel.i386                   2.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pygobject2-doc.i386                     2.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pygoocanvas.i386                        0.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
pygsl.i386                              0.9.1-6.fc8               fedora        
pygsl-devel.i386                        0.9.1-6.fc8               fedora        
pygtk2.i386                             2.12.0-2.fc8              fedora        
pygtk2-codegen.i386                     2.12.0-2.fc8              fedora        
pygtk2-devel.i386                       2.12.0-2.fc8              fedora        
pygtk2-libglade.i386                    2.12.0-2.fc8              fedora        
pygtkglext.i386                         1.1.0-3.fc8               fedora        
pygtkglext-devel.i386                   1.1.0-3.fc8               fedora        
pygtksourceview.i386                    2.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
pygtksourceview-devel.i386              2.0.0-1.fc8               fedora        
pyicq-t.noarch                          0.8-5.b.fc8               updates-newkey
pyicq-t-mysql.noarch                    0.8-5.b.fc8               updates-newkey
pyjigdo.noarch                          0.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pyke.noarch                             0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
pykickstart.noarch                      1.29-2.fc8                updates-newkey
pylibacl.i386                           0.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
pylint.noarch                           0.13.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pylint-gui.noarch                       0.13.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
pymetar.noarch                          0.13-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pymsn.noarch                            0.2.2-1.fc7               fedora        
pymssql.i386                            0.8.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyodbc.i386                             2.0.58-3.fc8              updates-newkey
pyorbit.i386                            2.14.3-1.fc8              fedora        
pyorbit-devel.i386                      2.14.3-1.fc8              fedora        
pypar2.noarch                           1.4-1.fc8                 fedora        
pyparsing.noarch                        1.4.7-1.fc8               fedora        
pyparted.i386                           1.8.9-2.fc8               fedora        
pypoker-eval.i386                       136.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pypoker-eval-devel.i386                 136.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pypop.i386                              0.7.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
pyrenamer.noarch                        0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pyroom.noarch                           0.2.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
pyscript.noarch                         0.6.1-1.fc8               fedora        
pyserial.noarch                         2.2-5.fc7                 fedora        
pyspi.i386                              0.6.1-4.fc8               fedora        
pysvn.i386                              1.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-4Suite-XML.i386                  1.0.2-1                   fedora        
python-BeautifulSoup.noarch             3.0.7-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-CDDB.i386                        1.4-2.fc8                 fedora        
python-Coherence.noarch                 0.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-GeoIP.i386                       1.2.1-9.fc8               fedora        
python-GnuPGInterface.noarch            0.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
python-HTMLgen.noarch                   2.2.2-10.fc8              fedora        
python-IPy.noarch                       0.60-1.fc8                updates-newkey
python-TestGears.noarch                 0.2-6.fc8                 fedora        
python-TurboMail.noarch                 2.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-ZSI.noarch                       2.0-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-adns.i386                        1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
python-alsa.i386                        1.0.16-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-alsaaudio.i386                   0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-amara.noarch                     1.2.0.2-2.fc8             fedora        
python-aqbanking.i386                   2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
python-augeas.noarch                    0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-babel.noarch                     0.9.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-basemap.i386                     0.9.5-3.fc8               fedora        
python-basemap-data.noarch              0.9.5-3.fc8               fedora        
python-basemap-data-hires.noarch        0.9.5-3.fc8               fedora        
python-basemap-examples.noarch          0.9.5-3.fc8               fedora        
python-beaker.noarch                    0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-bibtex.i386                      1.2.4-2.fc8               fedora        
python-biopython.i386                   1.48-1.fc8                updates-newkey
python-boto.noarch                      1.5c-1.fc8                updates-newkey
python-brlapi.i386                      0.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-bugzilla.noarch                  0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-cerealizer.noarch                0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-cheetah.i386                     2.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-cherrypy.noarch                  2.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
python-cherrytemplate.noarch            1.0.0-5.fc7               fedora        
python-chm.i386                         0.8.4-1.fc7               fedora        
python-cjson.i386                       1.0.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-clearsilver.i386                 0.10.4-5.fc8              fedora        
python-clientform.noarch                0.2.7-2.fc8               fedora        
python-configobj.noarch                 4.4.0-2.fc8               fedora        
python-cpio.noarch                      0.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
python-crypto.i386                      2.0.1-9.1                 fedora        
python-daap.i386                        0.7.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-dateutil.noarch                  1.2-1.fc8                 fedora        
python-decorator.noarch                 2.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-decoratortools.noarch            1.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-demjson.noarch                   1.3-2.fc8.1               updates-newkey
python-devel.i386                       2.5.1-26.fc8.2            updates-newkey
python-dialog.noarch                    2.7-7.fc8                 fedora        
python-dictclient.noarch                1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-dns.noarch                       1.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-docs.noarch                      2.5.1-1.fc8               fedora        
python-docutils.noarch                  0.4-7.fc8                 fedora        
python-dotconf.noarch                   0.2.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
python-dtopt.noarch                     0.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-durus.i386                       3.5-3.fc7                 fedora        
python-elixir.noarch                    0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-enchant.i386                     1.3.0-1.fc7               fedora        
python-exif.noarch                      1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-exo.i386                         0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-eyed3.noarch                     0.6.14-1.fc8              fedora        
python-fedora.noarch                    0.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-fedora-infrastructure.noarch     0.2.90.19-1.fc8           fedora        
python-feedparser.noarch                4.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
python-flup.noarch                      1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-formencode.noarch                1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-fpconst.noarch                   0.7.3-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
python-gammu.i386                       0.24-1.fc8.1              updates-newkey
python-gdata.noarch                     1.0.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-genshi.noarch                    0.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
python-genshi.i386                      0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-goopy.noarch                     0.1-4.fc7                 fedora        
python-gpod.i386                        0.6.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
python-gtkextra.i386                    1.1.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
python-html2text.noarch                 2.28-1.1                  fedora        
python-httplib2.noarch                  0.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-igraph.i386                      0.5-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-imaging.i386                     1.1.6-4.fc8               fedora        
python-imaging-devel.i386               1.1.6-4.fc8               fedora        
python-imaging-sane.i386                1.1.6-4.fc8               fedora        
python-imaging-tk.i386                  1.1.6-4.fc8               fedora        
python-inotify.i386                     0.7.1-1.fc8               fedora        
python-inotify.noarch                   0.8.0-3.r.fc8             updates-newkey
python-inotify-examples.i386            0.7.1-1.fc8               fedora        
python-inotify-examples.noarch          0.8.0-3.r.fc8             updates-newkey
python-irclib.noarch                    0.4.6-3.fc7               fedora        
python-isprelink.i386                   0.1.2-3.fc8               fedora        
python-jinja.i386                       1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-jinja2.i386                      2.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-json.noarch                      3.4-3.fc7                 fedora        
python-kaa-base.i386                    0.4.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-kaa-imlib2.i386                  0.2.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-kaa-metadata.i386                0.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-kerberos.i386                    1.0-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-kid.noarch                       0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
python-kiwi.noarch                      1.9.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-kiwi-docs.noarch                 1.9.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-kiwi-gazpacho.noarch             1.9.19-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-krbV.i386                        1.0.13-6.fc8              fedora        
python-lcms.i386                        1.17-5.fc8                updates-newkey
python-ldap.i386                        2.3.1-1.fc8               fedora        
python-libgmail.noarch                  0.1.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-libgmail-docs.noarch             0.3-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-lirc.i386                        0.0.5-5                   fedora        
python-logilab-astng.noarch             0.17.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-logilab-common.noarch            0.25.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-louie.noarch                     1.1-2.fc8                 fedora        
python-lxml.i386                        2.0.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-lzo.i386                         1.08-2.fc8                updates-newkey
python-magic.i386                       4.21-6.fc8                updates-newkey
python-mako.noarch                      0.1.10-2.fc8              updates-newkey
python-markdown.noarch                  1.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-markdown2.noarch                 1.0.1.8-1.fc8             updates-newkey
python-matplotlib.i386                  0.91.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-matplotlib-tk.i386               0.91.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-mecab.i386                       0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
python-mechanize.noarch                 0.1.6-0.2.b.fc8           fedora        
python-meld3.i386                       0.6.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-memcached.noarch                 1.39-1.fc8                fedora        
python-metar.noarch                     1.3.0-2.fc7               fedora        
python-migrate.noarch                   0.4.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
python-minihallib.noarch                0.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-mpd.noarch                       0.2.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
python-musicbrainz2.noarch              0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-mutagen.noarch                   1.12-1.fc8                fedora        
python-mwlib.i386                       0.8.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-myghty.noarch                    1.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
python-netaddr.noarch                   0.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-nevow.noarch                     0.9.29-2.fc8              updates-newkey
python-nltk.noarch                      1:0.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-nltk_lite.noarch                 0.9-0.1.b2.fc8            fedora        
python-nose.noarch                      0.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
python-numarray.i386                    1.5.2-4.fc8               fedora        
python-numdisplay.noarch                1.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-numeric.i386                     24.2-6.fc8                fedora        
python-obexftp.i386                     0.22-0.5.rc7.fc8          fedora        
python-ogg.i386                         1.3-7                     fedora        
python-ogg-devel.i386                   1.3-7                     fedora        
python-openid.noarch                    2.1.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-paramiko.noarch                  1.7.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-paste.noarch                     1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-paste-deploy.noarch              1.3.1-2.fc8               fedora        
python-paste-script.noarch              1.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-paver.noarch                     0.8.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-peak-rules.noarch                0.5a1.dev-0.2569.fc8      updates-newkey
python-peak-util-addons.noarch          0.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-peak-util-assembler.noarch       0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-peak-util-extremes.noarch        1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-peak-util-symbols.noarch         1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-pgsql.i386                       0.9.6-1.fc8               fedora        
python-ply.noarch                       2.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-pp.noarch                        1.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-prioritized-methods.noarch       0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-protocols.i386                   1.0-0.6.a0dev_r2302.fc7   fedora        
python-psyco.i386                       1.5.1-5.fc7               fedora        
python-psycopg.i386                     1.1.21-6.fc7              fedora        
python-psycopg2.i386                    2.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-psycopg2-doc.i386                2.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-pyasn1.noarch                    0.0.8a-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-pyblock.i386                     0.30-1                    fedora        
python-pycurl.i386                      7.16.4-1.fc8              fedora        
python-pydns.noarch                     2.3.0-5.fc7               fedora        
python-pygments.noarch                  0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-pylons.noarch                    0.9.6.2-1.fc8             updates-newkey
python-pyspf.noarch                     2.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
python-qpid.noarch                      0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
python-quixote.i386                     2.4-5.fc7                 fedora        
python-rapi.i386                        0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-reportlab.noarch                 2.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
python-reportlab-docs.noarch            2.1-1.fc8                 fedora        
python-routes.noarch                    1.8-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-rra.i386                         0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-ruledispatch.i386                0.5a0-0.7.svnr2306.fc8    fedora        
python-setuptools.noarch                0.6c8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-setuptools-devel.noarch          0.6c8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-sexy.i386                        0.1.9-3.fc7               fedora        
python-simplejson.i386                  1.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-simpletal.noarch                 4.1-5.fc7                 fedora        
python-simpy.noarch                     1.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-simpy-doc.noarch                 1.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-smbpasswd.i386                   1.0.1-6.fc8               fedora        
python-snack.i386                       2.2.10-6.fc8              updates-newkey
python-sphinx.noarch                    0.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-sphinx-doc.noarch                0.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-sqlalchemy.noarch                0.4.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-sqlalchemy0.3.noarch             0.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-sqlite2.i386                     1:2.3.3-1.fc7             fedora        
python-sqlobject.noarch                 0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-storm.i386                       0.13-2.fc8                updates-newkey
python-storm-mysql.i386                 0.13-2.fc8                updates-newkey
python-storm-postgresql.i386            0.13-2.fc8                updates-newkey
python-storm-sqlite.i386                0.13-2.fc8                updates-newkey
python-suds.noarch                      0.3.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-tag.i386                         0.91-5                    fedora        
python-telepathy.noarch                 0.14.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
python-tempita.noarch                   0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-test.i386                        2.5.1-26.fc8.2            updates-newkey
python-textile.noarch                   2.0.11-4.fc8              updates-newkey
python-tgcaptcha.noarch                 0.11-3.fc8                updates-newkey
python-tgexpandingformwidget.noarch     0.1.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
python-tgfastdata.noarch                0.9a6-6.fc7               fedora        
python-tidy.noarch                      0.2-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-tools.i386                       2.5.1-26.fc8.2            updates-newkey
python-toscawidgets.noarch              0.9.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-tpg.noarch                       3.1.0-4.fc7               fedora        
python-tunepimp.i386                    0.5.3-11.fc8              updates-newkey
python-turbocheetah.noarch              1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-turboflot.noarch                 0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-turbojson.noarch                 1.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-turbokid.noarch                  1.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-tw-forms.noarch                  0.9.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-twisted.noarch                   2.5.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-twisted-conch.i386               0.8.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-core.i386                2.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-core-doc.i386            2.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-core-zsh.i386            2.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-lore.i386                0.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-twisted-mail.i386                0.4.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-names.i386               0.4.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-news.i386                0.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-runner.i386              0.2.0-4.fc7               fedora        
python-twisted-web.i386                 0.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twisted-words.i386               0.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
python-twitter.noarch                   0.5-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-twyt.noarch                      0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-urljr.noarch                     1.0.1-1.fc7               fedora        
python-vcpx.noarch                      0.9.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
python-virtinst.noarch                  0.300.2-5.fc8             updates-newkey
python-virtkey.i386                     0.50-3.fc8                updates-newkey
python-vobject.noarch                   0.4.8-1.fc8               fedora        
python-vorbis.i386                      1.5-0.2.a                 fedora        
python-webhelpers.noarch                0.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-webob.noarch                     0.9.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
python-webtest.noarch                   1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-which.noarch                     1.1.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-wsgiproxy.noarch                 0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-xlib.noarch                      0.13-3.fc7                fedora        
python-xlib-doc.noarch                  0.13-3.fc7                fedora        
python-xlrd.noarch                      0.6.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
python-xmltramp.noarch                  2.17-3.fc8                updates-newkey
python-xmpp.noarch                      0.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
python-yadis.noarch                     1.1.0-3.fc7               fedora        
python-yenc.i386                        0.3-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
python-zope-interface.i386              3.0.1-8.fc8               fedora        
pytrainer.noarch                        1.6.0.5-5.fc8             updates-newkey
pytz.noarch                             2006p-2.fc7               fedora        
pyvnc2swf.noarch                        0.9.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
pywbxml.i386                            0.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
pywebkitgtk.i386                        1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
pyxattr.i386                            0.2.2-1.fc8               fedora        
pyxdg.noarch                            0.16-1.fc8                updates-newkey
pyxf86config.i386                       0.3.34-1.fc8              fedora        
pyxmms.i386                             2.06-4.fc7                fedora        
pyzor.noarch                            0.4.0-11.fc7              fedora        
pyzzub.i386                             0.2.3-12.fc8              updates-newkey
q.i386                                  7.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
q-devel.i386                            7.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
qa-assistant.noarch                     0.4.90.5-2.fc6            fedora        
qalculate.i386                          0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
qalculate-gtk.i386                      0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
qalculate-kde.i386                      0.9.6-2.fc8               fedora        
qascade.i386                            0.1-8.fc8                 fedora        
qbanking.i386                           2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
qbanking-devel.i386                     2.3.2-2.fc8               fedora        
qca.i386                                1.0-9.fc8                 fedora        
qca-devel.i386                          1.0-9.fc8                 fedora        
qca-gnupg.i386                          2.0.0-0.1.beta1.fc8       updates-newkey
qca-ossl.i386                           2.0.0-0.1.beta1.fc8       updates-newkey
qca-tls.i386                            1.0-11.fc8                fedora        
qca2.i386                               2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qca2-devel.i386                         2.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qcad.i386                               2.0.5.0-6.fc8             updates-newkey
qcomicbook.i386                         0.3.4-1.fc7               fedora        
qct.i386                                1.5-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
qct-mercurial.i386                      1.5-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
qdbm.i386                               1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm++.i386                             1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm++-devel.i386                       1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm-cgi.i386                           1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm-devel.i386                         1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm-java.i386                          1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdbm-perl.i386                          1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
qdevelop.i386                           0.26.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
qdox.noarch                             1.5-2jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
qdox-javadoc.noarch                     1.5-2jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
qemu.i386                               0.9.0-7.fc8               updates-newkey
qemu-launcher.noarch                    1.7.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
qfaxreader.i386                         0.3.1-8.fc8.1             fedora        
qfits.i386                              6.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
qfits-devel.i386                        6.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
qfits-libs.i386                         6.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
qftp.i386                               3.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
qgis.i386                               0.11.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
qgis-devel.i386                         0.11.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
qgis-grass.i386                         0.11.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
qgis-python.i386                        0.11.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
qgis-theme-nkids.i386                   0.11.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
qgit.i386                               1.5.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qgo.i386                                1.5.2-1.fc6               fedora        
qgtkstyle.i386                          0.0-0.2.20080719svn693.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
qhull.i386                              2003.1-8.fc8              fedora        
qhull-devel.i386                        2003.1-8.fc8              fedora        
qimageblitz.i386                        0.0.4-0.4.svn706674.fc8   updates-newkey
qimageblitz-devel.i386                  0.0.4-0.4.svn706674.fc8   updates-newkey
qimageblitz-examples.i386               0.0.4-0.4.svn706674.fc8   updates-newkey
qiv.i386                                2.0-8.fc8                 fedora        
qjackctl.i386                           0.3.1a-5.fc8              updates-newkey
ql2100-firmware.noarch                  1.19.38-1.fc8.1           fedora        
ql2200-firmware.noarch                  2.02.08-1.fc8.1           fedora        
ql23xx-firmware.noarch                  3.03.27-1.fc8             updates-newkey
ql2400-firmware.noarch                  4.04.05-1.fc8             updates-newkey
ql2500-firmware.noarch                  4.04.05-1.fc8             updates-newkey
qlandkarte.i386                         0.7.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qle.noarch                              0.0.10-5.fc8              updates-newkey
qmf.i386                                0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qmf-devel.i386                          0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qmmp.i386                               0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qmmp-devel.i386                         0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qof.i386                                0.7.2-1.fc8               fedora        
qof-devel.i386                          0.7.2-1.fc8               fedora        
qof-doc.i386                            0.7.2-1.fc8               fedora        
qosmic.i386                             1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qpidc.i386                              0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qpidc-devel.i386                        0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qpidc-perftest.i386                     0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qpidd.i386                              0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qpidd-cluster.i386                      0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qpidd-devel.i386                        0.3.705289-1.fc8          updates-newkey
qps.i386                                1.10.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
qpxtool.i386                            0.6.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
qpxtool-devel.i386                      0.6.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
qrq.i386                                0.1.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
qscintilla.i386                         1.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
qscintilla-designer.i386                1.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
qscintilla-devel.i386                   1.7.1-3.fc8               fedora        
qsf.i386                                1.2.7-1.fc8               fedora        
qsstv.i386                              5.3c-3.fc8                updates-newkey
qstars.i386                             0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
qstars-kde.i386                         0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
qstars-xscreensaver.i386                0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
qstat.i386                              2.11-3.fc8                fedora        
qsynth.i386                             0.2.5-6.fc6               fedora        
qt.i386                                 1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-MySQL.i386                           1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-ODBC.i386                            1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-PostgreSQL.i386                      1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-config.i386                          1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-designer.i386                        1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-devel.i386                           1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-devel-docs.i386                      1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt-qsa.i386                             1.1.5-2.fc8               fedora        
qt-qsa-devel.i386                       1.1.5-2.fc8               fedora        
qt-recordmydesktop.noarch               0.3.7.2-2.fc8             updates-newkey
qt-sqlite.i386                          1:3.3.8b-2.fc8            updates-newkey
qt4.i386                                4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-devel.i386                          4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-doc.i386                            4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-mysql.i386                          4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-odbc.i386                           4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-postgresql.i386                     4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qt4-qsa.i386                            1.2.2-4.fc7               fedora        
qt4-qsa-devel.i386                      1.2.2-4.fc7               fedora        
qt4-sqlite.i386                         4.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
qt4-theme-quarticurve.i386              0.0-0.13.beta8.fc8        updates-newkey
qt4-x11.i386                            4.4.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
qtoctave.i386                           0.8.1-0.20080823.svn165.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
qtparted.i386                           0.4.5-15.fc8              fedora        
qtpfsgui.i386                           1.9.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
quadkonsole.i386                        2.0.2-1.fc7               fedora        
quagga.i386                             0.99.9-4.fc8              updates-newkey
quagga-contrib.i386                     0.99.9-4.fc8              updates-newkey
quagga-devel.i386                       0.99.9-4.fc8              updates-newkey
quake3.i386                             1.34-0.6.rc4.fc8          updates-newkey
quake3-demo.i386                        1.34-0.6.rc4.fc8          updates-newkey
quarry.i386                             0.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
qucs.i386                               0.0.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
quesoglc.i386                           0.6.5-4.fc8               updates-newkey
quesoglc-devel.i386                     0.6.5-4.fc8               updates-newkey
queuegraph.noarch                       1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
queuegraph-selinux.noarch               1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
quicksynergy.i386                       0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
quilt.i386                              0.46-4.fc8                fedora        
quodlibet.i386                          1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
qwt.i386                                5.0.2-5.fc8               fedora        
qwt-devel.i386                          5.0.2-5.fc8               fedora        
qwt-doc.noarch                          5.0.2-4.fc8               fedora        
qwtplot3d.i386                          0.2.7-4.fc8               fedora        
qwtplot3d-devel.i386                    0.2.7-4.fc8               fedora        
qwtplot3d-qt4.i386                      0.2.7-4.fc8               fedora        
qwtplot3d-qt4-devel.i386                0.2.7-4.fc8               fedora        
radiusclient-ng.i386                    0.5.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
radiusclient-ng-devel.i386              0.5.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
radiusclient-ng-utils.i386              0.5.6-3.fc8               updates-newkey
radvd.i386                              1.0-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
rafkill.i386                            1.2.2-5.fc8               fedora        
ragel.i386                              6.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
raidem.i386                             0.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
raidem-music.noarch                     1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
ranpwd.i386                             1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
rapidsvn.i386                           0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
raptor.i386                             1.4.16-1.fc8              fedora        
raptor-devel.i386                       1.4.16-1.fc8              fedora        
rarian.i386                             0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
rarian-compat.i386                      0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
rarian-devel.i386                       0.6.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
rarpd.i386                              ss981107-25.1.fc8         fedora        
rasqal.i386                             0.9.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rasqal-devel.i386                       0.9.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ratpoison.i386                          1.4.1-0.fc8               fedora        
rats.i386                               2.1-5.fc8                 fedora        
rawstudio.i386                          1.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
raydium.i386                            1.2-9.fc8.1               updates-newkey
raydium-devel.i386                      1.2-9.fc8.1               updates-newkey
rb_libtorrent.i386                      0.12-3.fc8                updates-newkey
rb_libtorrent-devel.i386                0.12-3.fc8                updates-newkey
rb_libtorrent-examples.i386             0.12-3.fc8                updates-newkey
rblcheck.i386                           1.5-13.fc8                fedora        
rbldnsd.i386                            0.996a-4.fc8              fedora        
rcs.i386                                5.7-31                    fedora        
rcssbase.i386                           12.1.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssbase-devel.i386                     12.1.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcsslogplayer.i386                      13.1.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcsslogplayer-devel.i386                13.1.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssmonitor.i386                        13.0.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssserver.i386                         13.1.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssserver-devel.i386                   13.1.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssserver-gui.i386                     13.1.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rcssserver3d.i386                       0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
rcssserver3d-devel.i386                 0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
rcssserver3d-doc.i386                   0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
rdesktop.i386                           1.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rdiff-backup.i386                       1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
re2c.i386                               0.12.3-1.fc8              fedora        
readahead.i386                          1:1.4.2-3.fc8             fedora        
readline-devel.i386                     5.2-10.fc8                updates-newkey
readline-static.i386                    5.2-10.fc8                updates-newkey
reciteword.i386                         0.8.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
recode.i386                             3.6-24.fc8                fedora        
recode-devel.i386                       3.6-24.fc8                fedora        
recordmydesktop.i386                    0.3.7.3-1.fc8             updates-newkey
redet.noarch                            8.26-1.fc8                updates-newkey
redet-doc.noarch                        8.25-1                    updates-newkey
redhat-lsb.i386                         3.1-19.fc8                fedora        
redhat-menus.noarch                     8.9.11-2.fc8              updates-newkey
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                9.0.1-1.fc8               fedora        
redland.i386                            1.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
redland-devel.i386                      1.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
referencer.i386                         1.1.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
regexp.i386                             1.4-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
regexp-javadoc.i386                     1.4-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
regexxer.i386                           0.9-2.fc8                 fedora        
regionset.i386                          0.1-5.fc8                 fedora        
reiserfs-utils.i386                     2:3.6.19-2.4.1            fedora        
rekall.i386                             2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-docs.i386                        2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-extra.i386                       2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-mysql.i386                       2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-postgresql.i386                  2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-python.i386                      2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
rekall-sqlite.i386                      2.4.5-6.fc8.1             fedora        
relaxngDatatype.noarch                  1.0-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
relaxngDatatype-javadoc.noarch          1.0-3jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
remctl.i386                             2.11-4.fc8                updates-newkey
remctl-devel.i386                       2.11-4.fc8                updates-newkey
remctl-perl.i386                        2.11-4.fc8                updates-newkey
remind.i386                             03.01.04-1.fc8            updates-newkey
remind-gui.i386                         03.01.04-1.fc8            updates-newkey
remoot.noarch                           0.9-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
ren.i386                                1.0-12.fc8.1              fedora        
renrot.noarch                           1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
repoman.noarch                          0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
repoview.noarch                         0.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
resapplet.i386                          0.1.1-6.fc8               fedora        
revelation.i386                         0.4.11-3.1                fedora        
revisor.noarch                          2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-cobbler.noarch                  2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-comps.noarch                    2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-delta.noarch                    2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-jigdo.noarch                    2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-rebrand.noarch                  2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
revisor-virt.noarch                     2.0.5-15.fc8              updates-newkey
rgmanager.i386                          2.0.23-2.fc7              fedora        
rhdb-utils.i386                         8.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
rhgb.i386                               1:0.17.7-4.fc8            updates-newkey
rhino.noarch                            1.6-0.1.r5.1jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
rhino-demo.noarch                       1.6-0.1.r5.1jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
rhino-javadoc.noarch                    1.6-0.1.r5.1jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
rhino-manual.noarch                     1.6-0.1.r5.1jpp.2.fc7     fedora        
rhm.i386                                0.2.2632-1.fc8            updates-newkey
rhpl.i386                               0.210-1                   fedora        
rhpxl.i386                              0.49-2.fc8                fedora        
rhythmbox.i386                          0.11.3-11.fc8             updates-newkey
rhythmbox-lirc.i386                     0.11.3-11.fc8             updates-newkey
rhythmbox-upnp.i386                     0.11.3-11.fc8             updates-newkey
ricci.i386                              0.13.0-3.fc8              updates-newkey
rinetd.i386                             0.62-6.fc6                fedora        
ristretto.i386                          0.0.21-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rkhunter.noarch                         1.3.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
rkward.i386                             0.4.9a-2.fc8              updates-newkey
rlog-devel.i386                         1.3.7-3.fc6               fedora        
rlwrap.i386                             0.30-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rman.i386                               3.2-7.fc8                 fedora        
roadstencil-fonts.noarch                1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
rocksndiamonds.i386                     3.2.3-2.fc8.2             fedora        
rogue.i386                              5.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
root-tail.i386                          1.2-2.fc6                 fedora        
rootfiles.noarch                        8.1-1.1.1                 fedora        
rootsh.i386                             1.5.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rosegarden4.i386                        1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rott-registered.i386                    1.0-4.fc8                 fedora        
rott-shareware.i386                     1.0-4.fc8                 fedora        
roundcubemail.noarch                    0.2-5.beta.fc8            updates-newkey
roundup.noarch                          1.4.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
roxterm.i386                            1.13.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rp-pppoe.i386                           3.8-1.fc7                 fedora        
rpc2.i386                               2.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
rpc2-devel.i386                         2.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
rpl.noarch                              1.5.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rpld.i386                               1.8-0.1.beta1.fc6         fedora        
rpm-apidocs.i386                        4.4.2.2-7.fc8             updates-newkey
rpm-build.i386                          4.4.2.2-7.fc8             updates-newkey
rpm-devel.i386                          4.4.2.2-7.fc8             updates-newkey
rpmdevtools.noarch                      6.4-1.fc8                 fedora        
rpmlint.noarch                          0.83-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rpmreaper.i386                          0.1.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rpmrebuild.noarch                       2.2.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rpy.i386                                1.0.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool.i386                            1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-devel.i386                      1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-doc.i386                        1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-perl.i386                       1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-php.i386                        1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-python.i386                     1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-ruby.i386                       1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rrdtool-tcl.i386                        1.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rsh-server.i386                         0.17-44.fc8               fedora        
rsibreak.i386                           0.8.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rsnapshot.noarch                        1.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
rss-glx.i386                            0.8.1.p-20.fc8            updates-newkey
rss-glx-gnome-screensaver.i386          0.8.1.p-20.fc8            updates-newkey
rss-glx-kde.i386                        0.8.1.p-20.fc8            updates-newkey
rss-glx-xscreensaver.i386               0.8.1.p-20.fc8            updates-newkey
rss2email.noarch                        2.60-3.1                  fedora        
rsstool.i386                            1.0.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
rsyslog-mysql.i386                      2.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rsyslog-pgsql.i386                      2.0.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rt3.noarch                              3.6.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rt3-mailgate.noarch                     3.6.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rt61pci-firmware.noarch                 1.2-4                     fedora        
rt73usb-firmware.noarch                 1.8-4                     fedora        
rtorrent.i386                           0.7.8-1.fc8               fedora        
rtpproxy.i386                           1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
rubber.noarch                           1.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
rubberband.i386                         1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubberband-devel.i386                   1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-RMagick.i386                       2.8.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-RMagick-doc.i386                   2.8.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-RRDtool.i386                       0.6.0-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-activerecord.noarch                2.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-activesupport.noarch               2.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-amazon.noarch                      0.9.2-3.fc7               fedora        
ruby-amazon-doc.noarch                  0.9.2-3.fc7               fedora        
ruby-atk.i386                           0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-atk-devel.i386                     0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-augeas.i386                        0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-aws.noarch                         0.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-aws-doc.noarch                     0.4.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-bdb.i386                           0.6.0-1.fc7               fedora        
ruby-bonobo2.i386                       0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-bonoboui2.i386                     0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-bsearch.noarch                     1.5-1.fc7                 fedora        
ruby-cairo.i386                         1.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
ruby-cairo-devel.i386                   1.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
ruby-clearsilver.i386                   0.10.4-5.fc8              fedora        
ruby-devel.i386                         1.8.6.287-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ruby-docs.i386                          1.8.6.287-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ruby-fam.i386                           0.2.0-5.fc8               fedora        
ruby-flexmock.noarch                    0.7.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-gconf2.i386                        0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gdkpixbuf2.i386                    0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gettext-package.i386               1.10.0-1.fc8              fedora        
ruby-gettext-package.noarch             1.93.0-6.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gettext-package-doc.i386           1.10.0-1.fc8              fedora        
ruby-gettext-package-doc.noarch         1.93.0-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-glib2.i386                         0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-glib2-devel.i386                   0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gnome2.i386                        0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gnomecanvas2.i386                  0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gnomeprint2.i386                   0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gnomeprintui2.i386                 0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gnomevfs.i386                      0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gstreamer.i386                     0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtk2.i386                          0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtk2-devel.i386                    0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtkglext.i386                      0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtkhtml2.i386                      0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtkmozembed.i386                   0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-gtksourceview.i386                 0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-hpricot.i386                       0.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
ruby-hyperestraier.i386                 1.4.13-1.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-imagesize.noarch                   0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-ldap.i386                          0.9.7-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-libart2.i386                       0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-libart2-devel.i386                 0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-libglade2.i386                     0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-libvirt.i386                       0.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-marc.noarch                        0.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-mecab.i386                         0.97-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ruby-mechanize.noarch                   0.8.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-mode.i386                          1.8.6.287-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ruby-mysql.i386                         2.7.3-2.fc8               fedora        
ruby-ncurses.i386                       1.1-5.fc8                 fedora        
ruby-obexftp.i386                       0.22-0.5.rc7.fc8          fedora        
ruby-openid.noarch                      2.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-openid-doc.noarch                  2.0.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ruby-panelapplet2.i386                  0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-pango.i386                         0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-pango-devel.i386                   0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-poppler.i386                       0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-postgres.i386                      0.7.1-7.fc8               fedora        
ruby-qdbm.i386                          1.8.77-3.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-qpid.noarch                        0.1-1.fc7                 fedora        
ruby-racc.noarch                        1.4.5-2.fc6               fedora        
ruby-revolution.i386                    0.5-1.svn210.fc8          updates-newkey
ruby-ri.i386                            1.8.6.287-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ruby-romkan.noarch                      0.4-2.fc7                 fedora        
ruby-rsvg.i386                          0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-shadow.i386                        1.4.1-10.fc8              fedora        
ruby-sqlite3.i386                       1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
ruby-taglib.noarch                      1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
ruby-tcltk.i386                         1.8.6.287-2.fc8           updates-newkey
ruby-vte.i386                           0.17.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
ruby-zoom.i386                          0.2.2-3.fc8.2             fedora        
rubygem-actionmailer.noarch             2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-actionpack.noarch               2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-activeldap.noarch               1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-activerecord.noarch             2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-activeresource.noarch           2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-activesupport.noarch            2.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-arrayfields.noarch              4.5.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-attributes.noarch               5.0.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-builder.noarch                  2.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-cobbler.noarch                  0.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-daemons.noarch                  1.0.7-2.fc8               fedora        
rubygem-facets.noarch                   2.4.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-fastthread.i386                 1.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
rubygem-gem2rpm.noarch                  0.6.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-gem_plugin.noarch               0.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
rubygem-gettext.noarch                  1.93.0-6.fc8              updates-newkey
rubygem-gettext-doc.noarch              1.93.0-6.fc8              updates-newkey
rubygem-git.noarch                      1.0.7-4.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-highline.noarch                 1.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-hoe.noarch                      1.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-krb5-auth.i386                  0.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
rubygem-main.noarch                     2.8.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-markaby.noarch                  0.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
rubygem-mongrel.i386                    1.0.1-5.fc8               fedora        
rubygem-pervasives.noarch               1.1.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-picnic.noarch                   0.6.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-rails.noarch                    2.1.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-rake.noarch                     0.8.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-reststop.noarch                 0.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-rspec.noarch                    1.1.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
rubygem-rubyforge.noarch                1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-sqlite3-ruby.i386               1.2.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rubygem-zoom.i386                       0.4.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubyripper.noarch                       0.4.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rubyripper-gui.noarch                   0.4.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rudecgi.i386                            5.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rudecgi-devel.i386                      5.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
rudeconfig.i386                         5.0.5-1.fc7               fedora        
rudeconfig-devel.i386                   5.0.5-1.fc7               fedora        
rudesocket.i386                         1.3.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rudesocket-devel.i386                   1.3.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
rusers.i386                             0.17-52.fc8               fedora        
rusers-server.i386                      0.17-52.fc8               fedora        
rvm.i386                                1.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rvm-devel.i386                          1.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rvm-tools.i386                          1.15-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rwall.i386                              0.17-27.fc8               fedora        
rwall-server.i386                       0.17-27.fc8               fedora        
rwho.i386                               0.17-28.fc8               fedora        
rxvt.i386                               2.7.10-14.fc8             updates-newkey
rxvt-unicode.i386                       9.06-1.fc8                updates-newkey
rzip.i386                               2.1-1.fc7                 fedora        
s3cmd.noarch                            0.9.8.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
s3switch.i386                           0.0-9.20020912.fc6        fedora        
sabayon.i386                            2.20.1-6.fc8              updates-newkey
sabayon-apply.i386                      2.20.1-6.fc8              updates-newkey
safekeep-client.noarch                  1.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
safekeep-common.noarch                  1.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
safekeep-server.noarch                  1.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
sagator.noarch                          1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sagator-selinux.noarch                  1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sagator-webq.noarch                     1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sage.i386                               0.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
sage-devel.i386                         0.2.0-2.fc8               fedora        
samba-client.i386                       3.0.33-0.fc8              updates-newkey
samba-doc.i386                          3.0.33-0.fc8              updates-newkey
samba-swat.i386                         3.0.33-0.fc8              updates-newkey
samcoupe-rom.noarch                     3.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
samefile.i386                           2.12-3.fc8                updates-newkey
sane-backends.i386                      1.0.18-17.fc8             fedora        
sane-backends-devel.i386                1.0.18-17.fc8             fedora        
sane-backends-libs.i386                 1.0.18-17.fc8             fedora        
sane-frontends.i386                     1.0.14-3.fc7              fedora        
sarai-fonts.noarch                      1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
saxon.noarch                            6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-aelfred.noarch                    6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-demo.noarch                       6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-javadoc.noarch                    6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-jdom.noarch                       6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-manual.noarch                     6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
saxon-scripts.noarch                    6.5.5-1jpp.2.fc7          fedora        
sazanami-fonts-gothic.noarch            0.20040629-4.20061016.fc8 fedora        
sazanami-fonts-mincho.noarch            0.20040629-4.20061016.fc8 fedora        
sbcl.i386                               1.0.22-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sblim-cmpi-base.i386                    1.5.4-7.fc7               fedora        
sblim-cmpi-base-devel.i386              1.5.4-7.fc7               fedora        
sblim-cmpi-base-test.i386               1.5.4-7.fc7               fedora        
sblim-cmpi-devel.i386                   1.0.4-5.fc7               fedora        
sblim-testsuite.noarch                  1.2.4-3.fc6               fedora        
sblim-wbemcli.i386                      1.5.1-5.fc7               fedora        
scalapack.i386                          1.7.5-1.fc8.1             fedora        
scalapack-devel.i386                    1.7.5-1.fc8.1             fedora        
scanbuttond.i386                        0.2.3-11.fc8              fedora        
scanmem.i386                            0.07-2.fc8                updates-newkey
scanssh.i386                            2.1-14.fc8                fedora        
scapy.noarch                            1.1.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
schedtool.i386                          1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
schismtracker.i386                      0.5-0.5.rc1.fc8           fedora        
schroedinger.i386                       0.9.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
schroedinger-devel.i386                 0.9.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
scidavis.i386                           0.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
scidavis-manual.i386                    0.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
scigraphica.i386                        2.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
scim.i386                               1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-anthy.i386                         1.2.4-2.fc8               fedora        
scim-array.i386                         1.0.0-0.fc8               updates-newkey
scim-bridge.i386                        0.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
scim-bridge-gtk.i386                    0.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
scim-bridge-qt.i386                     0.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
scim-bridge-qt4.i386                    0.4.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
scim-chewing.i386                       0.3.1-10.fc8              updates-newkey
scim-devel.i386                         1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-doc.i386                           1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-fcitx.i386                         3.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-fcitx-tools.i386                   3.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-gtk.i386                           1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-hangul.i386                        0.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
scim-input-pad.i386                     0.1.1-7.fc7               fedora        
scim-lang-assamese.i386                 1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-bengali.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-chinese.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-dhivehi.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-farsi.i386                    1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-gujarati.i386                 1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-hindi.i386                    1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-japanese.i386                 1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-kannada.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-korean.i386                   1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-latin.i386                    1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-malayalam.i386                1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-marathi.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-nepali.i386                   1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-oriya.i386                    1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-punjabi.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-sinhalese.i386                1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-tamil.i386                    1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-telugu.i386                   1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-thai.i386                     1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-lang-tibetan.i386                  1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-libs.i386                          1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-m17n.i386                          0.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
scim-pinyin.i386                        0.5.91-24.fc8             updates-newkey
scim-python.i386                        0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-chinese.i386                0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-english.i386                0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-pinyin.i386                 0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-xingma.i386                 0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-xingma-cangjie.i386         0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-xingma-erbi.i386            0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-xingma-wubi.i386            0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-python-xingma-zhengma.i386         0.1.13rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
scim-qtimm.i386                         0.9.4-8.fc8               fedora        
scim-rawcode.i386                       1.4.7-7.fc8               fedora        
scim-sinhala.i386                       0.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
scim-skk.i386                           0.5.2-8.fc6               fedora        
scim-tables.i386                        0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-additional.i386             0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-amharic.i386                0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-arabic.i386                 0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-chinese.i386                0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-nepali.i386                 0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-russian.i386                0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-thai.i386                   0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tables-vietnamese.i386             0.5.7-3.fc7               fedora        
scim-tomoe.i386                         0.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
scipy.i386                              0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
scite.i386                              1.74-2.fc8                fedora        
scmxx.i386                              0.8.2-3.fc6               fedora        
scons.noarch                            0.98.4-2.fc8              updates-newkey
scorched3d.i386                         40.1d-6.fc8               fedora        
scorchwentbonkers.i386                  1.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
scponly.i386                            4.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
scratchpad.i386                         0.3.0-3.fc8               fedora        
screen.i386                             4.0.3-10.fc8              updates-newkey
screenruler.noarch                      0.85-2.fc8                updates-newkey
scribes.noarch                          0.3.3.3-2.fc8             updates-newkey
scribes-templates.noarch                20070602-1.fc8            fedora        
scribus.i386                            1.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
scribus-devel.i386                      1.3.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
scrip.i386                              1.4-9.fc8                 fedora        
scrot.i386                              0.8-2.fc7                 fedora        
scrub.i386                              2.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
scsi-target-utils.i386                  0.0-5.20080805snap.fc8    updates-newkey
scummvm.i386                            0.11.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
scythia.i386                            0.9.3-2.2.fc8             updates-newkey
sdcc.i386                               2.6.0-11.fc8              updates-newkey
sdcc-libc-sources.i386                  2.6.0-11.fc8              updates-newkey
sdljava.i386                            0.9.1-5.fc8               fedora        
sdljava-demo.i386                       0.9.1-5.fc8               fedora        
sdljava-javadoc.i386                    0.9.1-5.fc8               fedora        
sdparm.i386                             1.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
seahorse.i386                           1.0.1-9.fc8               fedora        
seahorse-adventures.noarch              1.0-2.fc8                 fedora        
seamonkey.i386                          1.1.14-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sear.i386                               0.6.3-8.fc8               updates-newkey
sear-media.noarch                       0.6-4                     fedora        
seaview.i386                            2.0-1.fc8                 fedora        
sec.noarch                              2.4.1-1.fc8               fedora        
seedit.i386                             2.2.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
seedit-gui.i386                         2.2.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
seedit-policy.i386                      2.2.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
seekwatcher.noarch                      0.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
selinux-doc.noarch                      1.26-1.1                  fedora        
selinux-policy.noarch                   3.0.8-127.fc8             updates-newkey
selinux-policy-devel.noarch             3.0.8-127.fc8             updates-newkey
selinux-policy-mls.noarch               3.0.8-127.fc8             updates-newkey
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch          3.0.8-127.fc8             updates-newkey
sendmail-cf.i386                        8.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sendmail-devel.i386                     8.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sendmail-doc.i386                       8.14.2-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sepostgresql.i386                       8.2.11-1.1182.fc8         updates-newkey
seq24.i386                              0.8.7-9.fc8               updates-newkey
ser.i386                                0.9.6-13.fc8              fedora        
ser-mysql.i386                          0.9.6-13.fc8              fedora        
ser-postgresql.i386                     0.9.6-13.fc8              fedora        
ser-serweb.i386                         0.9.6-13.fc8              fedora        
ser2net.i386                            2.4-1.fc8.1               fedora        
serenity.i386                           1.7.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
sergueis-destiny.noarch                 1.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
serpentine.noarch                       0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
setools.i386                            3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-console.i386                    3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-devel.i386                      3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-gui.i386                        3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-libs.i386                       3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-libs-java.i386                  3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-libs-python.i386                3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setools-libs-tcl.i386                   3.3.1-7.fc8               fedora        
setroubleshoot.noarch                   2.0.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch           2.0.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
setroubleshoot-server.noarch            2.0.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
setserial.i386                          2.17-21.fc8               fedora        
sextractor.i386                         2.5.0-5.fc8.1             fedora        
sg3_utils.i386                          1.23-2.fc8                fedora        
sg3_utils-devel.i386                    1.23-2.fc8                fedora        
sg3_utils-libs.i386                     1.23-2.fc8                fedora        
sgml-common.noarch                      0.6.3-21.fc8              fedora        
shapelib.i386                           1.2.10-12.20060304cvs     fedora        
shapelib-devel.i386                     1.2.10-12.20060304cvs     fedora        
sharutils.i386                          4.6.3-1.fc7               fedora        
shippy.i386                             1.3.3.7-6.fc8             fedora        
shippy-allegro.i386                     1.3.3.7-6.fc8             fedora        
shippy-common.i386                      1.3.3.7-6.fc8             fedora        
shorewall.noarch                        4.0.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
shorewall-common.noarch                 4.0.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
shorewall-lite.noarch                   4.0.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
shorewall-perl.noarch                   4.0.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
shorewall-shell.noarch                  4.0.14-2.fc8              updates-newkey
showimg.i386                            0.9.5-13.fc8              fedora        
showimg-mysql.i386                      0.9.5-13.fc8              fedora        
showimg-pgsql.i386                      0.9.5-13.fc8              fedora        
siege.i386                              2.67-1.fc8                updates-newkey
silkscreen-fonts.noarch                 1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
sim.i386                                0.9.5-0.13.20080923svn2261rev.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
simcoupe.i386                           1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
sinjdoc.i386                            0.5-4.fc7                 fedora        
sip.i386                                4.7.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sip-devel.i386                          4.7.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sip-redirect.noarch                     0.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
sipp.i386                               3.1-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
sipsak.i386                             0.9.6-1.fc6               fedora        
sirius.i386                             0.8.0-11.fc8              fedora        
sitecopy.i386                           0.16.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
six.i386                                0.5.3-6.fc8               fedora        
sjasm.i386                              0.39-0.5.g1.fc8           fedora        
sk2py.noarch                            0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
skencil.i386                            0.6.17-15.20070606svn.fc8 fedora        
ski.i386                                1.3.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ski-devel.i386                          1.3.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ski-libs.i386                           1.3.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
skkdic.noarch                           20050614-2.fc6            fedora        
skstream.i386                           0.3.6-2.fc8               fedora        
skstream-devel.i386                     0.3.6-2.fc8               fedora        
sl.i386                                 3.03-6.fc8                updates-newkey
slang-devel.i386                        2.1.2-2.fc8               fedora        
slang-slsh.i386                         2.1.2-2.fc8               fedora        
slang-static.i386                       2.1.2-2.fc8               fedora        
slapi-nis.i386                          0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
slib.noarch                             3b1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
slim.i386                               1.3.0-1.fc8               fedora        
slingshot.noarch                        0.8.1p-1.fc8              fedora        
sloccount.i386                          2.26-6.fc8                fedora        
slrn.i386                               0.9.8.1pl1-5.20070716cvs.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
slrn-pull.i386                          0.9.8.1pl1-5.20070716cvs.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
smart.i386                              1.1-58.fc8                updates-newkey
smart-gui.i386                          1.1-58.fc8                updates-newkey
smart-update.i386                       1.1-58.fc8                updates-newkey
smarteiffel.i386                        2.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
smarteiffel-doc.i386                    2.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
smartmontools-config.i386               1:5.38-1.fc8              updates-newkey
smashteroid.i386                        1.11-3.fc8                fedora        
smb4k.i386                              0.9.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
smb4k-devel.i386                        0.9.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
smbldap-tools.noarch                    0.9.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
smokeping.noarch                        2.4.2-7.fc8               updates-newkey
smolt.noarch                            1.1.1.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
smolt-firstboot.noarch                  1.1.1.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
smolt-gui.noarch                        1.1.1.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
smolt-server.noarch                     1.1.1.1-8.fc8             updates-newkey
sms_ntsc.i386                           0.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
sms_ntsc-demos.i386                     0.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
sms_ntsc-devel.i386                     0.2.3-3.fc8               updates-newkey
smstools.i386                           3.0.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
snake.noarch                            0.11-0.12.fc8             updates-newkey
snake-server.noarch                     0.11-0.12.fc8             updates-newkey
snes_ntsc.i386                          0.2.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snes_ntsc-demos.i386                    0.2.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snes_ntsc-devel.i386                    0.2.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snobol.i386                             4.1.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
snobol-devel.i386                       4.1.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
snort.i386                              2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-bloat.i386                        2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-mysql.i386                        2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-mysql+flexresp.i386               2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-plain+flexresp.i386               2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-postgresql.i386                   2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-postgresql+flexresp.i386          2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-snmp.i386                         2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snort-snmp+flexresp.i386                2.8.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
snownews.i386                           1.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sobby.i386                              0.4.4-1.fc8               fedora        
socat.i386                              1.5.0.0-5.fc7             fedora        
sofia-sip.i386                          1.12.9-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sofia-sip-devel.i386                    1.12.9-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sofia-sip-glib.i386                     1.12.9-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sofia-sip-glib-devel.i386               1.12.9-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sofia-sip-utils.i386                    1.12.9-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sofsip-cli.i386                         0.13-4.fc8                fedora        
solarwolf.noarch                        1.5-2.fc8                 fedora        
solfege.i386                            3.10.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sonata.i386                             1.5.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sooperlooper.i386                       1.6.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
soprano.i386                            2.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
soprano-apidocs.i386                    2.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
soprano-devel.i386                      2.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
sopwith.i386                            1.7.1-5                   fedora        
sos.noarch                              1.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
sound-juicer.i386                       2.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
soundconverter.noarch                   1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
soundfont-utils.i386                    0.4-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
soundtouch.i386                         1.3.1-8.fc8               fedora        
soundtouch-devel.i386                   1.3.1-8.fc8               fedora        
soundtracker.i386                       0.6.8-2.fc6               fedora        
source-highlight.i386                   2.9-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
sox.i386                                13.0.0-3.fc8              fedora        
sox-devel.i386                          13.0.0-3.fc8              fedora        
spacechart.i386                         0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
spamass-milter.i386                     0.3.1-5.fc8               fedora        
spamassassin.i386                       3.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
spambayes.noarch                        1.0.4-5.fc8               fedora        
spampd.noarch                           2.30-4                    fedora        
spandsp.i386                            0.0.4-0.6.pre11.fc8       updates-newkey
spandsp-apidoc.i386                     0.0.4-0.6.pre11.fc8       updates-newkey
spandsp-devel.i386                      0.0.4-0.6.pre11.fc8       updates-newkey
sparse.i386                             0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sparse-devel.i386                       0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
specto.noarch                           0.2.0-4.fc8               fedora        
speech-dispatcher.i386                  0.6.6-18.fc8              updates-newkey
speech-dispatcher-devel.i386            0.6.6-18.fc8              updates-newkey
speech-dispatcher-doc.i386              0.6.6-18.fc8              updates-newkey
speech-dispatcher-python.i386           0.6.6-18.fc8              updates-newkey
speedcrunch.i386                        0.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
speex.i386                              1.2-0.4.beta2             updates-newkey
speex-devel.i386                        1.2-0.4.beta2             updates-newkey
spicctrl.i386                           1.9-5.fc7                 fedora        
splat.i386                              1.2.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
splat-utils.i386                        1.2.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
splint.i386                             3.1.1-15.fc6              fedora        
spr.i386                                07.00.00-1.fc8            fedora        
spr-devel.i386                          07.00.00-1.fc8            fedora        
sqlgrey.noarch                          1.7.5-1.fc7               fedora        
sqlite-devel.i386                       3.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
sqlite-tcl.i386                         3.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
sqliteman.i386                          1.2.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
squashfs-tools.i386                     3.2-2                     fedora        
squid.i386                              7:2.6.STABLE22-1.fc8      updates-newkey
squidGuard.i386                         1.2.0-15.fc7              fedora        
squirrel.i386                           2.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
squirrel-devel.i386                     2.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
squirrel-libs.i386                      2.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
squirrelmail.noarch                     1.4.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
srecord.i386                            1.45-1.fc8                updates-newkey
ss5.i386                                3.5.9-4                   fedora        
sshfp.noarch                            1.1.2-1.fc7               fedora        
sshmenu.noarch                          3.15-5.fc8                updates-newkey
ssmtp.i386                              2.61-11.7.fc8             updates-newkey
ssss.i386                               0.5-3.fc7                 fedora        
staden-io_lib.i386                      1.11.2.1-2.fc8            updates-newkey
staden-io_lib-devel.i386                1.11.2.1-2.fc8            updates-newkey
stalonetray.i386                        0.7.6-2.fc8               updates-newkey
star.i386                               1.5a84-3.fc8              fedora        
stardict.i386                           3.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
stardict-dic-en.noarch                  2.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
stardict-dic-ja.noarch                  2.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
stardict-dic-ru.noarch                  2.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
stardict-dic-zh_CN.noarch               2.4.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
stardict-dic-zh_TW.noarch               2.4.2-4.fc8               updates-newkey
starfighter.i386                        1.1-11                    fedora        
starplot.i386                           0.95.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
starplot-contrib.noarch                 3-1.fc8                   updates-newkey
starplot-gliese3.noarch                 0.95-2.fc8                updates-newkey
starplot-yale5.noarch                   0.95-2.fc8                updates-newkey
startup-notification.i386               0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
startup-notification-devel.i386         0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
statgrab-tools.i386                     0.15-1.fc8                fedora        
statserial.i386                         1.1-40.fc8                fedora        
steghide.i386                           0.5.1-7.fc8               fedora        
stellarium.i386                         0.9.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
stellarium-doc.i386                     0.9.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
stgit.noarch                            0.14.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
stix-fonts.noarch                       0.9-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
stix-fonts-integrals.noarch             0.9-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
stix-fonts-pua.noarch                   0.9-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
stix-fonts-sizes.noarch                 0.9-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
stix-fonts-variants.noarch              0.9-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
stk.i386                                4.3.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
stk-demo.i386                           4.3.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
stk-devel.i386                          4.3.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
stonith.i386                            2.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
stormbaancoureur.i386                   2.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
stow.noarch                             1.3.3-6.fc8               fedora        
strace.i386                             4.5.16-2.fc8              fedora        
stratagus.i386                          2.2.4-5.fc8               updates-newkey
straw.noarch                            0.27-12.fc8               updates-newkey
streamtuner.i386                        0.99.99-23.fc8            updates-newkey
streamtuner-devel.i386                  0.99.99-23.fc8            updates-newkey
strigi.i386                             0.5.11.1-2.fc8            updates-newkey
strigi-devel.i386                       0.5.11.1-2.fc8            updates-newkey
strigi-libs.i386                        0.5.11.1-2.fc8            updates-newkey
stripesnoop.i386                        1.5-7.fc8.3               fedora        
struts.i386                             1.2.9-4jpp.9.fc8          fedora        
struts-javadoc.i386                     1.2.9-4jpp.9.fc8          fedora        
struts-manual.i386                      1.2.9-4jpp.9.fc8          fedora        
struts-webapps-tomcat5.i386             1.2.9-4jpp.9.fc8          fedora        
sub2srt.noarch                          0.5.3-3.fc8               fedora        
subcommander.i386                       1.2.3-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
sublib.i386                             0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
sublib-devel.i386                       0.9-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
subtitleeditor.i386                     0.22.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
subversion.i386                         1.4.4-7                   fedora        
subversion-api-docs.noarch              1.4.4-2.fc8               fedora        
subversion-devel.i386                   1.4.4-7                   fedora        
subversion-javahl.i386                  1.4.4-7                   fedora        
subversion-perl.i386                    1.4.4-7                   fedora        
subversion-ruby.i386                    1.4.4-7                   fedora        
suck.i386                               4.3.2-18.fc8              fedora        
sugar.i386                              0.81.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sugar-artwork.i386                      0.79.3-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sugar-base.i386                         0.81.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sugar-datastore.noarch                  0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sugar-presence-service.noarch           0.81.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sugar-toolkit.i386                      0.81.4-1.fc8              updates-newkey
suitesparse.i386                        3.0.0-2.fc8               fedora        
suitesparse-devel.i386                  3.0.0-2.fc8               fedora        
suitesparse-static.i386                 3.0.0-2.fc8               fedora        
sunbird.i386                            0.7-10.fc8                updates-newkey
sundials.i386                           2.3.0-5.fc8               fedora        
sundials-devel.i386                     2.3.0-5.fc8               fedora        
sundials-doc.i386                       2.3.0-5.fc8               fedora        
sundials-static.i386                    2.3.0-5.fc8               fedora        
sunifdef.i386                           3.1.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
superiotool.i386                        0-0.14.20081103svn3698.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
supertux.i386                           0.3.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
supertuxkart.i386                       0.3-2.fc8                 fedora        
supervisor.noarch                       2.1-3.fc7                 fedora        
supybot.noarch                          0.83.3-7.fc8              updates-newkey
surfraw.noarch                          1.0.7-3.fc8               fedora        
svgalib.i386                            1.9.25-3.fc8              fedora        
svgalib-devel.i386                      1.9.25-3.fc8              fedora        
svn2cl.noarch                           0.9-1.fc7                 fedora        
svncpp.i386                             0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
svncpp-devel.i386                       0.9.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
svnkit.i386                             1.1.4-2.fc8               fedora        
svnkit-javadoc.i386                     1.1.4-2.fc8               fedora        
svnmailer.noarch                        1.0.8-3.fc7               fedora        
svnmailer-doc.noarch                    1.0.8-3.fc7               fedora        
svrcore.i386                            4.0.4-1.fc7               fedora        
svrcore-devel.i386                      4.0.4-1.fc7               fedora        
swaks.noarch                            20061116.0-1.fc8          fedora        
swarp.i386                              2.17.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
swatch.noarch                           3.2.1-1.fc8.1             fedora        
sweep.i386                              0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
sweep-devel.i386                        0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
swig.i386                               1.3.33-1.fc8              updates-newkey
switchdesk.noarch                       4.0.9-3.fc8               updates-newkey
switchdesk-gui.noarch                   4.0.9-3.fc8               updates-newkey
sword.i386                              1.5.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sword-devel.i386                        1.5.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
syck.i386                               0.61-2.fc8                fedora        
syck-devel.i386                         0.61-2.fc8                fedora        
syck-php.i386                           0.61-2.fc8                fedora        
syck-python.i386                        0.61-2.fc8                fedora        
sylpheed.i386                           2.4.8-1.1                 updates-newkey
synaptic.i386                           0.57.2-14.fc8             updates-newkey
synaptics.i386                          0.14.6-3.fc8              updates-newkey
synce-gnome.noarch                      0.11-2.fc8                updates-newkey
synce-gnomevfs.i386                     0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
synce-hal.i386                          0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
synce-kde.i386                          0.9.1-1.fc7               fedora        
synce-kde-devel.i386                    0.9.1-1.fc7               fedora        
synce-kpm.noarch                        0.11.2-0.1.svn3491.fc8    updates-newkey
synce-serial.i386                       0.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
synce-software-manager.i386             0.9.0-9.fc8               updates-newkey
synce-sync-engine.i386                  0.11.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
synce-trayicon.i386                     0.11-1.fc8                updates-newkey
syncevolution.i386                      0.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
synergy.i386                            1.3.1-9.fc8               updates-newkey
sysconftool.noarch                      0.15-3.fc6                fedora        
sysfsutils.i386                         2.1.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
syslinux.i386                           3.36-7.fc8                fedora        
syslog-ng.i386                          2.0.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
sysprof.i386                            1.0.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
system-config-audit.i386                0.4.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
system-config-bind.noarch               4.0.2-11.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-boot.i386                 0.2.17-1.fc8              fedora        
system-config-cluster.noarch            1.0.29-1.0                fedora        
system-config-date.noarch               1.9.32-1.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-display.noarch            1.0.51-4.fc8              fedora        
system-config-firewall.noarch           1.0.12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-firewall-tui.noarch       1.0.12-4.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-httpd.noarch              5:1.4.4-1.fc8             fedora        
system-config-keyboard.noarch           1.2.11-3.fc8              fedora        
system-config-kickstart.noarch          2.7.15-2.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-language.noarch           1.2.12-1.fc8              fedora        
system-config-lvm.noarch                1.1.1-2.0.fc8             fedora        
system-config-netboot.noarch            0.1.42-2.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-network.noarch            1.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-network-tui.noarch        1.5.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-nfs.noarch                1.3.33-1.fc8              updates-newkey
system-config-printer.i386              0.7.74.13-1.fc8           updates-newkey
system-config-printer-libs.i386         0.7.74.13-1.fc8           updates-newkey
system-config-rootpassword.noarch       1.1.10-4.fc8              fedora        
system-config-samba.noarch              1.2.58-1.fc8              fedora        
system-config-services.noarch           0.9.17-1.fc8              fedora        
system-config-soundcard.noarch          2.0.6-11.fc8              fedora        
system-config-users.noarch              1.2.72-1.fc8              fedora        
system-config-vsftpd.noarch             0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
system-summary.noarch                   0.0.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
system-switch-java.noarch               1.1.2-1.fc8               fedora        
system-switch-mail.noarch               0.5.25-13                 fedora        
system-switch-mail-gnome.noarch         0.5.25-13                 fedora        
systemtap.i386                          0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
systemtap-client.i386                   0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
systemtap-runtime.i386                  0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
systemtap-server.i386                   0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
systemtap-testsuite.i386                0.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
t1lib.i386                              5.1.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
t1lib-devel.i386                        5.1.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
t1lib-static.i386                       5.1.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
t1utils.i386                            1.32-9.fc8                fedora        
taarich.i386                            1.20051120-8.fc8          fedora        
tachyon.i386                            0.98-0.5.20070319.fc8     updates-newkey
tachyon-docs.i386                       0.98-0.5.20070319.fc8     updates-newkey
tachyon-gl.i386                         0.98-0.5.20070319.fc8     updates-newkey
tachyon-lam.i386                        0.98-0.5.20070319.fc8     updates-newkey
tachyon-lam-gl.i386                     0.98-0.5.20070319.fc8     updates-newkey
tack.i386                               1.06-1.fc8                fedora        
taglib.i386                             1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
taglib-devel.i386                       1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
taglib-sharp.i386                       2.0.3.0-7.fc8.2           updates-newkey
taglib-sharp-devel.i386                 2.0.3.0-7.fc8.2           updates-newkey
tagsoup.i386                            1.0.1-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
tagsoup-javadoc.i386                    1.0.1-1jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
tagtool.i386                            0.12.3-3.fc8              fedora        
tailor.noarch                           0.9.35-1.fc8              updates-newkey
taipeifonts.noarch                      1.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
talk-server.i386                        0.17-29.2.3               fedora        
tango-icon-theme.noarch                 0.8.1-1.fc8               fedora        
tango-icon-theme-extras.noarch          0.1.0-1.fc7               fedora        
tanukiwrapper.i386                      3.2.3-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
tanukiwrapper-javadoc.i386              3.2.3-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
tanukiwrapper-manual.i386               3.2.3-1jpp.1.fc8          fedora        
taskcoach.noarch                        0.69.1-2.fc8.1            updates-newkey
taskjuggler.i386                        2.4.0-4.fc8               fedora        
tasks.i386                              0.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
tastymenu.i386                          0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
taxipilot.i386                          0.9.2-2.fc8               fedora        
tbb.i386                                2.0-4.20070927.fc8        updates-newkey
tbb-devel.i386                          2.0-4.20070927.fc8        updates-newkey
tbb-doc.i386                            2.0-4.20070927.fc8        updates-newkey
tbcload.i386                            1.4-5.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tbcload-devel.i386                      1.4-5.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tcd-utils.i386                          20080820-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tcl.i386                                1:8.4.17-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tcl-brlapi.i386                         0.5.0-1.fc8               fedora        
tcl-devel.i386                          1:8.4.17-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tcl-html.i386                           1:8.4.17-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tcl-snack.i386                          2.2.10-6.fc8              updates-newkey
tcl-tcldict.i386                        8.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
tcl-tcldict-devel.i386                  8.5.2-2.fc8               fedora        
tcl-tcludp.i386                         1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tcl-tclvfs.i386                         20080503-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tcl-thread.i386                         2.6.5-3.fc8               fedora        
tcl-tile.i386                           0.8.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
tcl-tile-devel.i386                     0.8.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
tcl-tileqt.i386                         0.4-0.2.b1.fc8.1          updates-newkey
tcl-tktreectrl.i386                     2.2.8-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
tclabc.i386                             1.0.9-1.fc7               fedora        
tclchecker.noarch                       1.4-3.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tclcompiler.i386                        1.5-3.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tcldebugger.noarch                      1.4-5.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tcldom.i386                             3.1-10.fc7                fedora        
tcldom-devel.i386                       3.1-10.fc7                fedora        
tcldom-expat.i386                       3.1-10.fc7                fedora        
tcldom-gui.i386                         3.1-10.fc7                fedora        
tcldom-libxml2.i386                     3.1-10.fc7                fedora        
tclhttpd.i386                           3.5.1-15.fc8              fedora        
tcllib.noarch                           1.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
tclparser.i386                          1.4-2.20061030cvs.fc8     fedora        
tclpro.noarch                           1.5.0-10.20061030cvs.fc8  updates-newkey
tclsoap.noarch                          1.6.7-4.fc7               fedora        
tcltls.i386                             1.5.0-11.fc6              fedora        
tcltls-devel.i386                       1.5.0-11.fc6              fedora        
tclx.i386                               8.4.0-8.fc8               fedora        
tclx-devel.i386                         8.4.0-8.fc8               fedora        
tclxml.i386                             3.1-11.fc7                fedora        
tclxml-devel.i386                       3.1-11.fc7                fedora        
tclxml-expat.i386                       3.1-11.fc7                fedora        
tclxml-libxml2.i386                     3.1-11.fc7                fedora        
tcp_wrappers-devel.i386                 7.6-50.fc8                fedora        
tcpflow.i386                            0.21-4.fc8                updates-newkey
tcpick.i386                             0.2.1-13.fc8              fedora        
tcpreplay.i386                          3.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tcptraceroute.i386                      1.5-0.4.beta7.fc8         fedora        
tcptrack.i386                           1.3.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tcputils.i386                           0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
tcpxtract.i386                          1.0.1-8.fc8.1             fedora        
tcsh.i386                               6.15-1.fc8                fedora        
tdom.i386                               0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
tdom-devel.i386                         0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
teckit.i386                             2.2.1-2.fc8               fedora        
teckit-devel.i386                       2.2.1-2.fc8               fedora        
tecnoballz.i386                         0.92-1.fc8                updates-newkey
telepathy-butterfly.noarch              0.1.4-1.fc7               fedora        
telepathy-feed.i386                     0.13-4.fc8                fedora        
telepathy-filesystem.noarch             0.0.1-2.fc8               fedora        
telepathy-gabble.i386                   0.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
telepathy-glib.i386                     0.5.14-1.fc8              fedora        
telepathy-glib-devel.i386               0.5.14-1.fc8              fedora        
telepathy-glib-unstable-static.i386     0.5.14-1.fc8              fedora        
telepathy-haze.i386                     0.1.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
telepathy-haze-mission-control.i386     0.1.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
telepathy-idle.i386                     0.1.1-3.fc8               fedora        
telepathy-mission-control.i386          4.49-1.fc8                updates-newkey
telepathy-mission-control-devel.i386    4.49-1.fc8                updates-newkey
telepathy-salut.i386                    0.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
telepathy-stream-engine.i386            0.3.25-2.fc8              fedora        
telescope-server.i386                   0-0.2.20070315.fc8        fedora        
tellico.i386                            1.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
telnet-server.i386                      1:0.17-41.fc8             fedora        
tempest.i386                            0-0.4.20070929.fc8        fedora        
tempest-gnome-screensaver.i386          0-0.4.20070929.fc8        fedora        
tempest-kde.i386                        0-0.4.20070929.fc8        fedora        
tempest-xscreensaver.i386               0-0.4.20070929.fc8        fedora        
tennix.i386                             0.6.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
tenr-de-styles-pkg.noarch               1.1-1.fc7                 fedora        
termcap.noarch                          1:5.5-1.20060701.1        fedora        
terminus-font-console.noarch            4.26-1.fc8                updates-newkey
terminus-font-x11.noarch                4.26-1.fc8                updates-newkey
teseq.i386                              1.0.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
tesseract.i386                          2.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
tesseract-devel.i386                    2.03-1.fc8                updates-newkey
tesseract-langpack-de.noarch            2.00-2.fc8                fedora        
tesseract-langpack-es.noarch            2.00-2.fc8                fedora        
tesseract-langpack-fr.noarch            2.00-2.fc8                fedora        
tesseract-langpack-it.noarch            2.00-2.fc8                fedora        
tesseract-langpack-nl.noarch            2.00-2.fc8                fedora        
testdisk.i386                           6.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
testdisk-doc.i386                       6.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
testoob.noarch                          1.13-4.fc8                fedora        
tetex.i386                              3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-IEEEtran.noarch                   1.7.1-1.fc8               fedora        
tetex-afm.i386                          3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-bytefield.noarch                  1.2a-3.fc6                fedora        
tetex-doc.i386                          3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-dvipost.i386                      1.1-8.fc8                 fedora        
tetex-dvips.i386                        3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-elsevier.noarch                   0.1.20060516-3.fc6        fedora        
tetex-eurofont.noarch                   1.1.3-6.fc6               fedora        
tetex-font-cm-lgc.noarch                0.5-8.fc6                 fedora        
tetex-font-kerkis.noarch                2.0-13.fc6                fedora        
tetex-fonts.i386                        3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-fonts-hebrew.noarch               0.1-8.fc8                 updates-newkey
tetex-latex.i386                        3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetex-perltex.noarch                    1.3-1.fc6                 fedora        
tetex-preview.noarch                    11.85-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tetex-prosper.noarch                    1.5-3.fc6                 fedora        
tetex-tex4ht.i386                       1.0.2008_02_28_2058-3.fc8.1
                                                                  updates-newkey
tetex-unicode.noarch                    0-7.20041017.fc6          fedora        
tetex-xdvi.i386                         3.0-44.9.fc8              updates-newkey
tetrinetx.i386                          1.13.16-2.fc7             fedora        
tex-simplecv.noarch                     1.6-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
tex-simplecv-doc.noarch                 1.6-6.fc8                 updates-newkey
texi2html.noarch                        1.78-3.fc8                fedora        
texinfo.i386                            4.11-5.fc8                updates-newkey
texinfo-tex.i386                        4.11-5.fc8                updates-newkey
texmaker.i386                           1:1.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
textflow.noarch                         0.2.3.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
tftp.i386                               0.42-5                    fedora        
tftp-server.i386                        0.42-5                    fedora        
tgif.i386                               4.1.45-8.fc8              updates-newkey
themes-backgrounds-gnome.noarch         0.4-6.fc6                 fedora        
themonospot.i386                        0.7.1.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
theora-tools.i386                       1.0beta2-3.fc8            updates-newkey
thewidgetfactory.i386                   0.2.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
thibault-fonts-essays1743.noarch        0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
thibault-fonts-isabella.noarch          0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
thibault-fonts-rockets.noarch           0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
thibault-fonts-staypuft.noarch          0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
thinkfinger.i386                        0.3-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
thinkfinger-devel.i386                  0.3-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
thttpd.i386                             2.25b-14.fc8              fedora        
thunar-archive-plugin.i386              0.2.4-3.fc8               fedora        
thunar-media-tags-plugin.i386           0.1.2-3.fc8               fedora        
thunar-shares.i386                      0.16-1.fc8                updates-newkey
thunar-volman.i386                      0.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
thunderbird.i386                        2.0.0.19-1.fc8            updates-newkey
thunderbird-lightning.i386              0.7-10.fc8                updates-newkey
thunderbird-lightning-wcap.i386         0.7-10.fc8                updates-newkey
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch        1.901-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tideEditor.i386                         1.4.1-1.fc8.3             fedora        
tidy.i386                               0.99.0-16.20070615.fc8    fedora        
tig.i386                                0.9.1-1.fc8               fedora        
tiger.i386                              3.2.1-6.fc6               fedora        
tilda.i386                              0.9.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tile.i386                               0.7.8-2.fc8               fedora        
tile-devel.i386                         0.7.8-2.fc8               fedora        
timidity++.i386                         2.13.2-14.fc8             updates-newkey
timidity++-patches.i386                 2.13.2-4.fc8              fedora        
tin.i386                                1.8.3-3.fc8               fedora        
tinyca2.noarch                          0.7.5-3.fc7               fedora        
tinyerp.noarch                          4.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
tinyerp-server.noarch                   4.0.3-3.fc8               fedora        
tinyfugue.i386                          5.0-0.6.b8.fc7            fedora        
tinyproxy.i386                          1.6.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
tinyxml.i386                            2.5.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
tinyxml-devel.i386                      2.5.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
tiobench.i386                           0.3.3-6.1                 fedora        
tiquit.noarch                           2.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tiresias-fonts.noarch                   1.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
tix.i386                                1:8.4.2-2.fc8             fedora        
tix-devel.i386                          1:8.4.2-2.fc8             fedora        
tix-doc.i386                            1:8.4.2-2.fc8             fedora        
tk.i386                                 1:8.4.17-2.fc8            updates-newkey
tk-devel.i386                           1:8.4.17-2.fc8            updates-newkey
tk-tktreectrl.i386                      2.2.3-2.fc8               fedora        
tkcon.noarch                            2.4-6.fc8                 fedora        
tkcvs.noarch                            8.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
tkdnd.i386                              1.0a2-9.fc8               fedora        
tkimg.i386                              1.3-0.8.20080505svn.fc8   updates-newkey
tkimg-devel.i386                        1.3-0.8.20080505svn.fc8   updates-newkey
tkinter.i386                            2.5.1-26.fc8.2            updates-newkey
tklib.noarch                            0.4.1-6.fc8               fedora        
tktable.i386                            2.9-9.fc6                 fedora        
tktray.i386                             1.1-4.fc8.2               updates-newkey
tla.i386                                1.3.5-5.fc8               updates-newkey
tlock.i386                              1.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
tlock-devel.i386                        1.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
tmda.noarch                             1.1.12-1.fc8              fedora        
tmda-emacs.noarch                       1.1.12-1.fc8              fedora        
tmda-ofmipd.noarch                      1.1.12-1.fc8              fedora        
tmispell-voikko.i386                    0.7-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
tn5250.i386                             0.17.3-16.fc8             fedora        
tn5250-devel.i386                       0.17.3-16.fc8             fedora        
tog-pegasus.i386                        2:2.6.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
tog-pegasus-devel.i386                  2:2.6.1-3.fc8             updates-newkey
tokyocabinet.i386                       1.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tokyocabinet-devel.i386                 1.2.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tolua++.i386                            1.0.92-5.fc8              fedora        
tolua++-devel.i386                      1.0.92-5.fc8              fedora        
tomboy.i386                             0.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tomcat-native.i386                      1.1.10-1.fc8              fedora        
tomcat5.i386                            5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-admin-webapps.i386              5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-common-lib.i386                 5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-jasper.i386                     5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-jasper-eclipse.i386             5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-jasper-javadoc.i386             5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-jsp-2.0-api.i386                5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-jsp-2.0-api-javadoc.i386        5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-server-lib.i386                 5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-servlet-2.4-api.i386            5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-servlet-2.4-api-javadoc.i386    5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomcat5-webapps.i386                    5.5.27-0jpp.2.fc8         updates-newkey
tomoe.i386                              0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
tomoe-devel.i386                        0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
tong.i386                               1.0-9.fc8                 fedora        
tong-data.i386                          1.0-9.fc8                 fedora        
toped.i386                              0.9.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
tor.i386                                0.2.0.32-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tor-core.i386                           0.2.0.32-1.fc8            updates-newkey
tor-lsb.i386                            0.2.0.32-1.fc8            updates-newkey
torcs.i386                              1.3.0-3.fc8               fedora        
torcs-data.noarch                       1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-data-cars-extra.noarch            1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-data-cars-nascar.noarch           1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-data-tracks-dirt.noarch           1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-data-tracks-oval.noarch           1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-data-tracks-road.noarch           1.3.0-2                   fedora        
torcs-robots.i386                       1.3.0-3.fc8               fedora        
torque.i386                             2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-client.i386                      2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-docs.i386                        2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-gui.i386                         2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-mom.i386                         2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-pam.i386                         2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-scheduler.i386                   2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torque-server.i386                      2.1.10-1.fc8              updates-newkey
torsmo.i386                             0.18-7.fc8                fedora        
totem.i386                              2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
totem-devel.i386                        2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
totem-galago.i386                       2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
totem-lirc.i386                         2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
totem-mozplugin.i386                    2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
totem-plparser.i386                     2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
tpb.i386                                0.6.4-9.fc8               fedora        
tqsllib.i386                            2.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
tqsllib-devel.i386                      2.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
trac.noarch                             0.10.5-1.fc8              updates-newkey
trac-bazaar-plugin.noarch               0.2-5.20070829bzr182.fc8  fedora        
trac-doxygen-plugin.noarch              0.4-0.3.r2892.fc8         updates-newkey
trac-git-plugin.noarch                  0.0.1-4.20070705svn1536.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
trac-mercurial-plugin.noarch            0.10.0.2-3.20070705svn5798.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
trac-monotone-plugin.noarch             0.0.14-1.20080208mtnb4dd178b.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
trac-webadmin.noarch                    0.1.2-0.3.dev_r4429.fc8   fedora        
trac-xmlrpc-plugin.noarch               0.1-0.3.r2892.fc8         updates-newkey
trackballs.i386                         1.1.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
trackballs-music.noarch                 1.2-4.fc8                 fedora        
tracker.i386                            0.6.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
tracker-devel.i386                      0.6.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
tracker-search-tool.i386                0.6.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
transbot.noarch                         0.2-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
transfig.i386                           1:3.2.5-4.fc8             updates-newkey
translate-toolkit.noarch                1.0.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
transmission.i386                       1.33-1.fc8                updates-newkey
tre.i386                                0.7.5-2.fc8               fedora        
tre-devel.i386                          0.7.5-2.fc8               fedora        
treecc.i386                             0.3.8-4.fc8               fedora        
tremulous.i386                          1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
tremulous-data.noarch                   1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
trickle.i386                            1.07-3.fc8                updates-newkey
tripwire.i386                           2.4.1.2-3.fc8             fedora        
trophy.i386                             1.1.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
trustedqsl.i386                         1.11-3.fc8                updates-newkey
trustyrc.i386                           0.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
trustyrc-plugins.i386                   0.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
trustyrc-plugins-extras.i386            0.1.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tsclient.i386                           0.150-5.fc8               fedora        
ttcp.i386                               1.12-16.fc8               fedora        
ttmkfdir.i386                           3.0.9-24.fc7              fedora        
ttywatch.i386                           0.14-10.fc8               fedora        
ttywatch-devel.i386                     0.14-10.fc8               fedora        
tunctl.i386                             1.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
turba.noarch                            2.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tuxguitar.i386                          1.0-7.fc8                 updates-newkey
tuxpaint.i386                           1:0.9.17-2.fc8            fedora        
tuxpaint-stamps.noarch                  2007.07.01-1.fc8          fedora        
tuxpuck.i386                            0.8.2-4.fc8               fedora        
tuxtype2.i386                           1.5.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
tvtime.i386                             1.0.1-7.fc8               updates-newkey
twinkle.i386                            1.2-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
twitux.i386                             0.60-3.fc8                updates-newkey
txt2rss.noarch                          0.1-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
txt2tags.noarch                         2.5-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
typespeed.i386                          0.6.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tzclock.i386                            2.7.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
tzdata-java.noarch                      2008i-1.fc8               updates-newkey
ucarp.i386                              1.2-9.fc8                 fedora        
ucblogo.i386                            5.5-9.fc7                 fedora        
ucl.i386                                1.03-7.fc8                fedora        
ucl-devel.i386                          1.03-7.fc8                fedora        
ucview.i386                             0.22-2.fc8                updates-newkey
udev-static.i386                        118-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
udftools.i386                           1.0.0b3-8.fc8             fedora        
udpcast.i386                            20071228-4.fc8            updates-newkey
udunits.i386                            1.12.4-12.fc8             fedora        
udunits-devel.i386                      1.12.4-12.fc8             fedora        
ufiformat.i386                          0.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
ufraw.i386                              0.13-6.fc8                updates-newkey
ufraw-cinepaint.i386                    0.13-6.fc8                updates-newkey
ufraw-common.i386                       0.13-6.fc8                updates-newkey
ufraw-gimp.i386                         0.13-6.fc8                updates-newkey
uim.i386                                1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-anthy.i386                          1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-canna.i386                          1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-devel.i386                          1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-el.i386                             1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-el-common.i386                      1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-gnome.i386                          1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-gtk2.i386                           1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-m17n.i386                           1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-qt.i386                             1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uim-skk.i386                            1.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uisp.i386                               20050207-1.fc8            fedora        
ularn.i386                              1.5p4-10.fc8              fedora        
ulogd.i386                              1.24-8.fc8                updates-newkey
ulogd-mysql.i386                        1.24-8.fc8                updates-newkey
ulogd-pcap.i386                         1.24-8.fc8                updates-newkey
ulogd-pgsql.i386                        1.24-8.fc8                updates-newkey
ultimatestunts.i386                     0.7.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-batang.noarch             1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-batangbold.noarch         1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-dinaru.noarch             1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-dinarubold.noarch         1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-dinarulight.noarch        1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-dotum.noarch              1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-dotumbold.noarch          1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-graphic.noarch            1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-graphicbold.noarch        1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-gungseo.noarch            1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-pilgi.noarch              1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-core-fonts-pilgibold.noarch          1.0.2-0.6.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-bom.noarch               1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-jamobatang.noarch        1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-jamodotum.noarch         1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-jamonovel.noarch         1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-jamosora.noarch          1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-pen.noarch               1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-penheulim.noarch         1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-pilgia.noarch            1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-shinmun.noarch           1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-taza.noarch              1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-vada.noarch              1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
un-extra-fonts-yetgul.noarch            1.0.2-0.7.080608.fc8      updates-newkey
uncrustify.i386                         0.47-1.fc8                updates-newkey
unicap.i386                             0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
unicap-devel.i386                       0.9.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uniconvertor.i386                       1.1.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
unifdef.i386                            1.171-6.fc8               fedora        
unikurd-web-font.noarch                 20020502-1.fc8            updates-newkey
unison.i386                             2.13.16-3.fc6             fedora        
unison213.i386                          2.13.16-9.fc8.3           updates-newkey
unison227.i386                          2.27.57-7.fc8.3           updates-newkey
units.i386                              1.86-7.fc8                fedora        
unixODBC.i386                           2.2.12-5.fc8              updates-newkey
unixODBC-devel.i386                     2.2.12-5.fc8              updates-newkey
unixODBC-kde.i386                       2.2.12-5.fc8              updates-newkey
unixcw.i386                             2.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
unixcw-devel.i386                       2.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
unpaper.i386                            0.3-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
unrtf.i386                              0.20.2-3.fc8              fedora        
unshield.i386                           0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
unshield-devel.i386                     0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
unuran.i386                             1.2.4p1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
unuran-devel.i386                       1.2.4p1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
up-imapproxy.i386                       1.2.7.rc1-1.fc8           updates-newkey
upslug2.i386                            0.0-0.2.20071107.svn39.fc8
                                                                  updates-newkey
upx.i386                                3.02-1.fc8                updates-newkey
uqm.i386                                0.6.2-2.fc8               fedora        
uqm-content.noarch                      0.6.0-2                   fedora        
uqm-content-3domusic.noarch             0.6.0-2                   fedora        
uqm-content-voice.noarch                0.6.0-2                   fedora        
urbanterror.i386                        1.34-0.6.rc4.fc8          updates-newkey
uread.i386                              0-0.2.19981218.fc8        fedora        
uriparser.i386                          0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
uriparser-devel.i386                    0.7.1-6.fc8               updates-newkey
urlgfe.i386                             1.0.2-1.fc8               fedora        
urlview.i386                            0.9-3.fc8                 fedora        
urw-fonts.noarch                        2.4-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
usbsink.i386                            0.3.2-1.fc8               fedora        
usermode-gtk.i386                       1.93.1-1.fc8              fedora        
ushare.i386                             1.1a-4.fc8                updates-newkey
usrp.i386                               3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
usrp-devel.i386                         3.1.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
ustr.i386                               1.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ustr-debug.i386                         1.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ustr-debug-static.i386                  1.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ustr-devel.i386                         1.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
ustr-static.i386                        1.0.4-6.fc8               updates-newkey
util-vserver.i386                       0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-build.i386                 0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-core.i386                  0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-devel.i386                 0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-legacy.i386                0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-lib.i386                   0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
util-vserver-sysv.i386                  0.30.214-2.fc8            fedora        
utrac.i386                              0.3.0-9.fc8               fedora        
utrac-devel.i386                        0.3.0-9.fc8               fedora        
uucp.i386                               1.07-16.fc8               fedora        
uudeview.i386                           0.5.20-13                 fedora        
uuid.i386                               1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-c++.i386                           1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-c++-devel.i386                     1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-dce.i386                           1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-dce-devel.i386                     1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-devel.i386                         1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-perl.i386                          1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-pgsql.i386                         1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuid-php.i386                           1.6.0-2.fc8               fedora        
uuidd.i386                              1.40.4-3.fc8              updates-newkey
uulib-static.i386                       0.5.20-13                 fedora        
uw-imap.i386                            2007d-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uw-imap-devel.i386                      2007d-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uw-imap-static.i386                     2007d-1.fc8               updates-newkey
uw-imap-utils.i386                      2007d-1.fc8               updates-newkey
v4l2-tool.i386                          1.0.3-1.fc8               fedora        
vala.i386                               0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vala-devel.i386                         0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vala-doc.i386                           0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vala-tools.i386                         0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vala-vapigen.i386                       0.1.3-5.fc8               fedora        
valgrind.i386                           1:3.2.3-7                 fedora        
valknut.i386                            0.3.11-1.fc8              fedora        
vamp-plugin-sdk.i386                    1.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
vamp-plugin-sdk-devel.i386              1.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
vamp-plugin-sdk-static.i386             1.1b-3.fc8                updates-newkey
varconf.i386                            0.6.5-2.fc8               fedora        
varconf-devel.i386                      0.6.5-2.fc8               fedora        
varnish.i386                            1.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
varnish-libs.i386                       1.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
varnish-libs-devel.i386                 1.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
vaspview.i386                           1.05-2.fc8                updates-newkey
vavoom.i386                             1.24-3.fc8                fedora        
vbetest.i386                            0.10-3.fc8                fedora        
vblade.i386                             14-3.fc8                  fedora        
vdccm.i386                              0.10.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
vdccm-devel.i386                        0.10.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
vdr.i386                                1.4.7-6.fc8               fedora        
vdr-devel.i386                          1.4.7-6.fc8               fedora        
vdr-femon.i386                          1.1.4-1.fc8               fedora        
vdr-osdteletext.i386                    0.5.1-29.fc8              fedora        
vdr-skins.noarch                        20061119-3                fedora        
vdr-skinsoppalusikka.i386               1.0.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
vdr-streamdev-client.i386               0.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vdr-streamdev-server.i386               0.3.4-2.fc8               updates-newkey
vdr-subtitles.i386                      0.5.0-2.fc8               fedora        
vdr-sudoku.i386                         0.1.3-2.fc8               fedora        
vdr-text2skin.i386                      1.1-20.20051217cvs.fc8    fedora        
vdr-ttxtsubs.i386                       0.0.5-2.fc8               fedora        
vdr-tvonscreen.i386                     1.0.141-2.fc8             updates-newkey
vdr-wapd.i386                           0.8-18.fc8                fedora        
vdradmin-am.noarch                      3.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
vdrift.i386                             20071226-3.fc8            updates-newkey
vdrift-data.noarch                      20071226-2.fc8            updates-newkey
vecmath1.2.i386                         1.14-1.fc8                fedora        
vecmath1.2-javadoc.i386                 1.14-1.fc8                fedora        
vegastrike.i386                         0.4.3-7.fc8               fedora        
vegastrike-data.noarch                  0.4.3-5.fc8               updates-newkey
velocity.i386                           1.4-6jpp.1                fedora        
velocity-demo.i386                      1.4-6jpp.1                fedora        
velocity-javadoc.i386                   1.4-6jpp.1                fedora        
velocity-manual.i386                    1.4-6jpp.1                fedora        
verbiste.i386                           0.1.23-1.fc8              updates-newkey
verbiste-devel.i386                     0.1.23-1.fc8              updates-newkey
verbiste-gnome.i386                     0.1.23-1.fc8              updates-newkey
veusz.i386                              1.2.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
viaideinfo.i386                         0.5-1.fc7                 fedora        
videodog.i386                           0.31-5.fc8                fedora        
viewvc.noarch                           1.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
vigra.i386                              1.5.0-3.fc8               fedora        
vigra-devel.i386                        1.5.0-3.fc8               fedora        
vim-X11.i386                            2:7.1.245-1.fc8           updates-newkey
vim-vimoutliner.noarch                  0.3.4-9.fc7               fedora        
vinagre.i386                            0.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
vino.i386                               2.20.1-1.fc8              fedora        
vips.i386                               7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
vips-devel.i386                         7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
vips-doc.i386                           7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
vips-python.i386                        7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
vips-tools.i386                         7.12.5-2.fc8              fedora        
virt-df.i386                            2.1.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
virt-manager.i386                       0.5.3-2.fc8               updates-newkey
virt-top.i386                           1.0.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
virt-viewer.i386                        0.0.2-2.fc8               fedora        
viruskiller.i386                        1.0-6                     fedora        
vkeybd.i386                             0.1.17a-5.fc8             fedora        
vldocking.noarch                        2.0.6e-3.fc8              updates-newkey
vldocking-javadoc.noarch                2.0.6e-3.fc8              updates-newkey
vlock.i386                              1.3-25.fc7                fedora        
vnc.i386                                4.1.2-24.fc8              updates-newkey
vnc-libs.i386                           4.1.2-24.fc8              updates-newkey
vnc-ltsp-config.noarch                  4.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
vnc-reflector.i386                      1.2.4-4.fc8               fedora        
vnc-server.i386                         4.1.2-24.fc8              updates-newkey
vnstat.i386                             1.6-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
vodovod.i386                            1.10-3.fc8                updates-newkey
vorbis-tools.i386                       1:1.1.1.svn20070412-4.fc8 fedora        
vorbisgain.i386                         0.36-2.fc8                fedora        
vpnc.i386                               0.5.3-1.1.fc8             updates-newkey
vpnc-consoleuser.i386                   0.5.3-1.1.fc8             updates-newkey
vsftpd.i386                             2.0.5-21.fc8              updates-newkey
vte.i386                                0.16.9-1.fc8              fedora        
vte-devel.i386                          0.16.9-1.fc8              fedora        
vtk.i386                                5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-devel.i386                          5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-examples.i386                       5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-java.i386                           5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-python.i386                         5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-qt.i386                             5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-tcl.i386                            5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtk-testing.i386                        5.0.4-23.99.fc8           updates-newkey
vtkdata.noarch                          5.0.4-7                   updates-newkey
vttest.i386                             20071216-3.fc8            updates-newkey
vtun.i386                               3.0.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
vym.i386                                1.10.0-4.fc8              updates-newkey
w3c-libwww.i386                         5.4.1-0.7.20060206cvs.fc8 updates-newkey
w3c-libwww-apps.i386                    5.4.1-0.7.20060206cvs.fc8 updates-newkey
w3c-libwww-devel.i386                   5.4.1-0.7.20060206cvs.fc8 updates-newkey
w3c-markup-validator.noarch             0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
w3c-markup-validator-libs.noarch        0.8.2-2.fc8               fedora        
w3m.i386                                0.5.2-5.fc8               fedora        
w3m-el.noarch                           1.4.4-6.fc7               fedora        
w3m-el-common.noarch                    1.4.4-6.fc7               fedora        
w3m-el-xemacs.noarch                    1.4.4-6.fc7               fedora        
w3m-img.i386                            0.5.2-5.fc8               fedora        
waf.noarch                              1.3.2-6.fc8               updates-newkey
wallpapoz.noarch                        0.4.1-5.svn87_trunk.fc8   updates-newkey
wammu.noarch                            0.26-1.fc8                updates-newkey
warzone2100.i386                        2.1.0-0.5.beta2.fc8       updates-newkey
wastesedge.noarch                       0.3.4-0.9.fc8             updates-newkey
wavbreaker.i386                         0.10-1.fc8                updates-newkey
wavextract.noarch                       1.0.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
wavpack.i386                            4.50.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
wavpack-devel.i386                      4.50.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
wbxml2.i386                             0.9.2-13.fc8              updates-newkey
wbxml2-devel.i386                       0.9.2-13.fc8              updates-newkey
wcstools.i386                           3.7.0-1.fc8               fedora        
wdaemon.i386                            0.12-1.fc8                fedora        
wdfs.i386                               1.4.2-4.fc8               fedora        
wdm.i386                                1.28-8.fc8                fedora        
web2png.i386                            2.5.1-3.fc6               fedora        
webalizer.i386                          2.01_10-34                fedora        
webcpp.i386                             0.8.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
websec.noarch                           1.9.0-4.1                 fedora        
weechat.i386                            0.2.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
weplab.i386                             0.1.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
werken-xpath.i386                       0.9.4-0.beta.12jpp.2      fedora        
werken-xpath-javadoc.i386               0.9.4-0.beta.12jpp.2      fedora        
wesnoth.i386                            1.2.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wesnoth-server.i386                     1.2.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wesnoth-tools.i386                      1.2.8-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wf.i386                                 0.41-1.fc8                updates-newkey
wfmath.i386                             0.3.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wfmath-devel.i386                       0.3.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wfut.i386                               1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
wgrib.i386                              1.8.0.12o-2.fc8           fedora        
wgrib2.i386                             1.7.2b-1.fc8              updates-newkey
whatmask.i386                           1.2-4.fc6                 fedora        
whowatch.i386                           1.4-4.fc8                 fedora        
why.i386                                2.14-2.fc8.1              updates-newkey
why-coq.i386                            2.14-2.fc8.1              updates-newkey
why-gwhy.i386                           2.14-2.fc8.1              updates-newkey
whysynth-dssi.i386                      20070418-1.fc7            fedora        
widelands.i386                          0-0.11.build12.fc8        updates-newkey
wifi-radar.noarch                       1.9.6-3.fc6               fedora        
wifiroamd.noarch                        1.12-1.fc8                fedora        
wildmidi.i386                           0.2.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
wildmidi-devel.i386                     0.2.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
wildmidi-libs.i386                      0.2.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
windowlab.i386                          1.34-4.fc7                fedora        
wine.i386                               1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-capi.i386                          1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-cms.i386                           1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-core.i386                          1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-desktop.i386                       1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-devel.i386                         1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-docs.noarch                        1.0-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
wine-esd.i386                           1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-jack.i386                          1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-ldap.i386                          1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-nas.i386                           1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-tools.i386                         1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wine-twain.i386                         1.1.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wings.i386                              0.99.02-2.fc8             updates-newkey
wings-docs.i386                         0.99.02-2.fc8             updates-newkey
wings-povray.i386                       0.98.36-1.fc7             fedora        
winpdb.noarch                           1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wireless-tools.i386                     1:29-0.2.pre22.fc8        fedora        
wireless-tools-devel.i386               1:29-0.2.pre22.fc8        fedora        
wireshark.i386                          1.0.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wireshark-gnome.i386                    1.0.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wise2.i386                              2.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
wkf.i386                                1.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
wkf-devel.i386                          1.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
wkf-libs.i386                           1.3.11-1.fc8              updates-newkey
wklej.noarch                            0.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wlassistant.i386                        0.5.7-5.fc8               updates-newkey
wmCalClock.i386                         1.25-9.fc8                fedora        
wmacpi.i386                             2.2-0.2.rc1.fc8           fedora        
wmapmload.i386                          0.3.4-6.fc8               fedora        
wmctrl.i386                             1.07-2.fc6                fedora        
wmix.i386                               3.1-1.fc6                 fedora        
wmweather+.i386                         2.9-5.fc8                 fedora        
wmx.i386                                6pl1-17.fc8               updates-newkey
wodim.i386                              1.1.6-6.fc8               fedora        
wordpress.noarch                        2.6.5-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wordtrans.i386                          1:1.1-0.2.pre13.fc7       fedora        
wordtrans-kde.i386                      1:1.1-0.2.pre13.fc7       fedora        
wordtrans-web.i386                      1:1.1-0.2.pre13.fc7       fedora        
wordwarvi.i386                          0.09-1.fc8                updates-newkey
workrave.i386                           1.8.4-4.fc8               fedora        
worldofpadman.i386                      1.34-0.6.rc4.fc8          updates-newkey
worminator.i386                         3.0R2.1-7.fc8             fedora        
worminator-data.noarch                  3.0R2.1-4.fc8             fedora        
wormux.i386                             0.7.9-5.fc8               fedora        
wormux-data.i386                        0.7.9-5.fc8               fedora        
wp_tray.i386                            0.5.3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
wpa_supplicant-gui.i386                 1:0.5.10-5.fc8            updates-newkey
wqy-bitmap-fonts.noarch                 0.9.9-2.fc8               updates-newkey
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                 1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
wqy-zenhei-fonts.noarch                 0.6.26-0.fc8              updates-newkey
ws-commons-util.i386                    1.0.1-6.fc8               fedora        
ws-commons-util-javadoc.i386            1.0.1-6.fc8               fedora        
ws-jaxme.noarch                         0.5.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
ws-jaxme-javadoc.noarch                 0.5.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
ws-jaxme-manual.noarch                  0.5.1-2jpp.1.fc7          fedora        
wsdl4j.i386                             1.5.2-4jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
wsdl4j-javadoc.i386                     1.5.2-4jpp.2.fc8          fedora        
wuja.noarch                             0.0.8-2.fc8               fedora        
wv.i386                                 1.2.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
wv-devel.i386                           1.2.4-4.fc8               updates-newkey
wv2.i386                                0.2.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
wv2-devel.i386                          0.2.3-4.fc8               updates-newkey
wvdial.i386                             1.60-3.fc8                fedora        
wvs-data.noarch                         0.0.20020219-3            fedora        
wxBase.i386                             2.8.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxGTK.i386                              2.8.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxGTK-devel.i386                        2.8.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxGTK-gl.i386                           2.8.9-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxGlade.noarch                          0.6.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxMaxima.i386                           0.7.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
wxPython.i386                           2.8.9.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
wxPython-devel.i386                     2.8.9.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
wxdfast.i386                            0.6.0-3.fc8               fedora        
wxsvg.i386                              1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
wxsvg-devel.i386                        1.0-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
wyrd.i386                               1.4.3b-1.fc8              updates-newkey
x11-ssh-askpass.i386                    1.2.4.1-3.fc8             fedora        
x2vnc.i386                              1.7.2-6.fc7               fedora        
x3270.i386                              3.3.6-2.fc8               fedora        
x3270-text.i386                         3.3.6-2.fc8               fedora        
x3270-x11.i386                          3.3.6-2.fc8               fedora        
x86info.i386                            1:1.20-1.28.fc8           fedora        
xalan-c.i386                            1.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
xalan-c-devel.i386                      1.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
xalan-c-doc.i386                        1.10.0-2.fc8              updates-newkey
xalan-j2.i386                           2.7.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
xalan-j2-demo.i386                      2.7.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
xalan-j2-javadoc.i386                   2.7.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
xalan-j2-manual.i386                    2.7.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
xalan-j2-xsltc.i386                     2.7.0-6jpp.1              fedora        
xaos.i386                               3.2.3-1.fc7               fedora        
xapian-bindings-python.i386             1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xapian-bindings-ruby.i386               1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xapian-core.i386                        1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xapian-core-devel.i386                  1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xapian-core-libs.i386                   1.0.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xar.i386                                1.5.1-4.fc8               fedora        
xar-devel.i386                          1.5.1-4.fc8               fedora        
xarchiver.i386                          0.4.9-0.3.20070103svn24249.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
xarchon.i386                            0.50-5.fc8                fedora        
xastir.i386                             1.9.4-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xautolock.i386                          2.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
xawtv.i386                              3.95-7.fc8                fedora        
xbacklight.i386                         1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xbae.i386                               4.60.4-8.fc8              fedora        
xbae-devel.i386                         4.60.4-8.fc8              fedora        
xbase.i386                              2.0.0-7.fc8               fedora        
xbase-devel.i386                        2.0.0-7.fc8               fedora        
xbase-utils.i386                        2.0.0-7.fc8               fedora        
xbindkeys.i386                          1.8.2-1.fc8               fedora        
xbiso.i386                              0.6.1-2.fc8               fedora        
xblast.i386                             2.10.4-4.fc8              fedora        
xblast-common.i386                      2.10.4-4.fc8              fedora        
xblast-data.noarch                      2.10.0-3.fc8              fedora        
xblast-x11.i386                         2.10.4-4.fc8              fedora        
xboard.i386                             4.2.7-16.fc6              fedora        
xbsql.i386                              0.11-9.fc8                fedora        
xbsql-devel.i386                        0.11-9.fc8                fedora        
xca.i386                                0.6.4-1.fc8               fedora        
xcalib.i386                             0.8-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
xcb-proto.noarch                        1.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xcdroast.i386                           0.98a15-16.fc8            fedora        
xchat.i386                              1:2.8.4-11.fc8            updates-newkey
xchat-gnome.i386                        0.18-9.fc8                updates-newkey
xchat-ruby.i386                         1.2-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
xchat-tcl.i386                          1:2.8.4-11.fc8            updates-newkey
xchm.i386                               1.13-1.fc8                fedora        
xcircuit.i386                           3.4.28-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xclip.i386                              0.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
xcompmgr.i386                           1.1.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xdaliclock.i386                         2.23-3.fc6                fedora        
xdelta.i386                             1.1.4-2.fc8               fedora        
xdelta-devel.i386                       1.1.4-2.fc8               fedora        
xdemorse.i386                           1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xdesktopwaves.i386                      1.3-9.fc8                 fedora        
xdg-user-dirs.i386                      0.9-1.fc8                 fedora        
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.i386                  0.6-2.fc8                 fedora        
xdialog.i386                            2.3.1-3.fc8.1             updates-newkey
xdms.i386                               1.3.2-4.fc8               fedora        
xdoclet.i386                            1.2.3-7jpp.3              fedora        
xdoclet-javadoc.i386                    1.2.3-7jpp.3              fedora        
xdoclet-manual.i386                     1.2.3-7jpp.3              fedora        
xdotool.i386                            20071230-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xdrawchem.i386                          1.9.9-6.fc8               fedora        
xdx.i386                                2.4-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xemacs.i386                             21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-aplus-fsf.i386                   4.22.1-3.fc8              updates-newkey
xemacs-common.i386                      21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-devel.i386                       21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-ebib.noarch                      1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xemacs-ebib-el.noarch                   1.5.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xemacs-el.i386                          21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-ess.noarch                       5.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xemacs-ess-el.noarch                    5.3.8-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xemacs-info.i386                        21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-muse.noarch                      3.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
xemacs-muse-el.noarch                   3.12-1.fc8                updates-newkey
xemacs-nox.i386                         21.5.28-5.fc8             fedora        
xemacs-packages-base.noarch             20070427-1.fc8            fedora        
xemacs-packages-base-el.noarch          20070427-1.fc8            fedora        
xemacs-packages-extra.noarch            20070427-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xemacs-packages-extra-el.noarch         20070427-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xemacs-packages-extra-info.noarch       20070427-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xen.i386                                3.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xen-devel.i386                          3.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xen-libs.i386                           3.1.2-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xenner.i386                             0.41-1.fc8                updates-newkey
xenwatch.i386                           0.5.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xerces-c.i386                           2.7.0-6.fc7               fedora        
xerces-c-devel.i386                     2.7.0-6.fc7               fedora        
xerces-c-doc.i386                       2.7.0-6.fc7               fedora        
xerces-j2.i386                          2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-demo.i386                     2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-javadoc-apis.i386             2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-javadoc-impl.i386             2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-javadoc-other.i386            2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-javadoc-xni.i386              2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xerces-j2-scripts.i386                  2.7.1-7jpp.2              fedora        
xeuphoric.i386                          0.18.2-9.fc8              fedora        
xeuphoric-roms.i386                     0.18.2-9.fc8              fedora        
xfbib.i386                              0.0.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce-mcs-manager.i386                   4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce-mcs-manager-devel.i386             4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce-mcs-plugins.i386                   4.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce-mcs-plugins-extra.i386             2.0-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xfce-utils.i386                         4.4.2-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-appfinder.i386                    4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-battery-plugin.i386               0.5.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-clipman-plugin.i386               0.8.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.i386              0.4.0-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-datetime-plugin.i386              0.6.0-1.fc8.1             updates-newkey
xfce4-dev-tools.noarch                  4.4.0.1-1.fc8             updates-newkey
xfce4-dict.i386                         0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-dict-plugin.i386                  0.5.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-diskperf-plugin.i386              2.2.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-eyes-plugin.i386                  4.4.0-3.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-fsguard-plugin.i386               0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-genmon-plugin.i386                3.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xfce4-gsynaptics-mcs-plugin.i386        1.0.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-icon-theme.noarch                 4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-mailwatch-plugin.i386             1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-minicmd-plugin.i386               0.4-7.fc8                 fedora        
xfce4-mixer.i386                        4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-modemlights-plugin.i386           0.1.3.99-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xfce4-mount-plugin.i386                 0.5.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-mpc-plugin.i386                   0.3.3-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-netload-plugin.i386               0.4.0-6.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-notes-plugin.i386                 1.6.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-panel.i386                        4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-panel-devel.i386                  4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-places-plugin.i386                1.1.0-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-quicklauncher-plugin.i386         1.9.4-1.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-screenshooter-plugin.i386         1.3.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-sensors-plugin.i386               0.10.99.2-3.fc8           updates-newkey
xfce4-session.i386                      4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-session-devel.i386                4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-session-engines.i386              4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-smartbookmark-plugin.i386         0.4.2-5.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-systemload-plugin.i386            0.4.2-3.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-taskmanager.i386                  0.4.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-time-out-plugin.i386              0.1.1-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-timer-plugin.i386                 0.6-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xfce4-verve-plugin.i386                 0.3.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-volstatus-icon.i386               0.1.0-2.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-wavelan-plugin.i386               0.5.4-3.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-weather-plugin.i386               0.6.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xfce4-websearch-plugin.i386             0.1.1-0.6.20070428svn2704.fc8
                                                                  fedora        
xfce4-xfapplet-plugin.i386              0.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-xkb-plugin.i386                   0.4.3-3.fc8               fedora        
xfce4-xmms-plugin.i386                  0.5.1-1.fc7               fedora        
xfdesktop.i386                          4.4.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xferstats.i386                          2.16-14.1                 fedora        
xfhell.i386                             1.4-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
xfig.i386                               3.2.5-7.fc8               updates-newkey
xfig-Xaw3d.i386                         3.2.5-7.fc8               updates-newkey
xfig-common.i386                        3.2.5-7.fc8               updates-newkey
xfmpc.i386                              0.0.7-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xforms.i386                             1.0.90-10.fc8             fedora        
xforms-devel.i386                       1.0.90-10.fc8             fedora        
xfprint.i386                            4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfprint-devel.i386                      4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfsdump.i386                            2.2.46-1.fc8              fedora        
xfsprogs.i386                           2.9.4-4.fc8               fedora        
xfsprogs-devel.i386                     2.9.4-4.fc8               fedora        
xfwm4.i386                              4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xfwm4-theme-nodoka.noarch               0.1-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xfwm4-themes.noarch                     4.4.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xgalaxy.i386                            2.0.34-7.fc8              fedora        
xgnokii.i386                            0.6.22-2.fc8              updates-newkey
xgrav.i386                              1.2.0-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xgrep.i386                              0.06-3.fc8                fedora        
xgridedit.i386                          4.3.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xgridfit.noarch                         1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xgridfit-doc.noarch                     1.5-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xguest.noarch                           1.0.6-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xhotkeys.noarch                         0.9.8.3-5.fc8             updates-newkey
xhtml1-dtds.noarch                      1.0-7.1.1                 fedora        
xhtml2fo-style-xsl.noarch               20051222-2.fc8            updates-newkey
xhtml2ps.noarch                         1.0-0.1.b5.fc8.1          updates-newkey
xine-lib.i386                           1.1.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xine-lib-arts.i386                      1.1.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xine-lib-devel.i386                     1.1.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xine-lib-extras.i386                    1.1.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xine-lib-pulseaudio.i386                1.1.15-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xine-plugin.i386                        1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xinetd.i386                             2:2.3.14-15.fc8           updates-newkey
xisdnload.i386                          3.2-55.fc8                fedora        
xjavadoc.i386                           1.1-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
xjavadoc-javadoc.i386                   1.1-4jpp.3.fc8            fedora        
xkeyboard-config.noarch                 1.1-3.fc8                 fedora        
xkeycaps.i386                           2.46-6.fc8.3              fedora        
xl2tpd.i386                             1.1.11-3.fc8              fedora        
xlhtml.i386                             0.5-7.fc8                 fedora        
xlockmore.i386                          5.26.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xlockmore-gtk.i386                      5.26.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xlockmore-motif.i386                    5.26.1-1.fc8              updates-newkey
xlog.i386                               1.8.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
xml-common.noarch                       0.6.3-21.fc8              fedora        
xml-commons-apis.i386                   1.3.04-0jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-apis-javadoc.i386           1.3.04-0jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-apis-manual.i386            1.3.04-0jpp.1.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-apis12.i386                 1.2.04-0jpp.4.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-apis12-javadoc.i386         1.2.04-0jpp.4.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-apis12-manual.i386          1.2.04-0jpp.4.fc8         fedora        
xml-commons-resolver.i386               1.1-1jpp.12               fedora        
xml-commons-resolver-javadoc.i386       1.1-1jpp.12               fedora        
xml-commons-which.i386                  1:1.0-0.b2.0jpp.2         fedora        
xml-commons-which-javadoc.i386          1:1.0-0.b2.0jpp.2         fedora        
xmlcopyeditor.i386                      1.1.0.6-3.fc8             updates-newkey
xmldb-api.i386                          1:0.1-0.1.20011111cvs.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
xmldb-api-javadoc.i386                  1:0.1-0.1.20011111cvs.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
xmldb-api-sdk.i386                      1:0.1-0.1.20011111cvs.1jpp.2.fc7
                                                                  fedora        
xmlindent.i386                          0.2.17-8.fc8              fedora        
xmlrpc.i386                             2.0.1-3jpp.2              fedora        
xmlrpc-c.i386                           1.06.31-2.fc8             updates-newkey
xmlrpc-c-apps.i386                      1.06.31-2.fc8             updates-newkey
xmlrpc-c-devel.i386                     1.06.31-2.fc8             updates-newkey
xmlrpc-javadoc.i386                     2.0.1-3jpp.2              fedora        
xmlrpc3-client.i386                     3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-client-devel.i386               3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-common.i386                     3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-common-devel.i386               3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-javadoc.i386                    3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-server.i386                     3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlrpc3-server-devel.i386               3.0-1jpp.4.fc8            fedora        
xmlsec1.i386                            1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-devel.i386                      1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-gnutls.i386                     1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-gnutls-devel.i386               1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-nss.i386                        1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-nss-devel.i386                  1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-openssl.i386                    1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlsec1-openssl-devel.i386              1.2.9-8.1                 fedora        
xmlstarlet.i386                         1.0.1-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xmltex.noarch                           20020625-8                fedora        
xmlto.i386                              0.0.18-17                 fedora        
xmlunit.noarch                          1.0-4jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
xmlunit-javadoc.noarch                  1.0-4jpp.1.fc7            fedora        
xmms.i386                               1:1.2.10-36.fc7           fedora        
xmms-acme.i386                          0.4.3-8                   fedora        
xmms-adplug.i386                        1.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
xmms-alarm.i386                         0.3.7-6.fc7               fedora        
xmms-arts.i386                          0.7.1-6                   fedora        
xmms-cdread.i386                        0.14-12.fc6               fedora        
xmms-crossfade.i386                     0.3.12-2                  fedora        
xmms-devel.i386                         1:1.2.10-36.fc7           fedora        
xmms-esd.i386                           1:1.2.10-36.fc7           fedora        
xmms-flac.i386                          1.1.4-3.fc8               fedora        
xmms-libs.i386                          1:1.2.10-36.fc7           fedora        
xmms-lirc.i386                          1.4-11                    fedora        
xmms-modplug.i386                       2.05-11.fc8               fedora        
xmms-musepack.i386                      1.2-5.fc8                 fedora        
xmms-scrobbler.i386                     0.3.8.1-3.fc7             fedora        
xmms-sid.i386                           0.8.0-0.4.beta17.fc8      fedora        
xmms-skins.noarch                       1:1.2.10-15               fedora        
xmms-speex.i386                         0.9.1-11                  fedora        
xmms-xmp.i386                           2.5.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xmms-xosd.i386                          2.2.14-10.fc8             fedora        
xmmsctrl.i386                           1.8-4.fc8                 updates-newkey
xmoto.i386                              0.3.4-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xmoto-edit.i386                         0.2.4-11.fc8              updates-newkey
xmountains.i386                         2.7-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
xmp.i386                                2.5.1-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xnec2c.i386                             1.0b5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xom.noarch                              1.0-3jpp.4.fc7            fedora        
xom-demo.noarch                         1.0-3jpp.4.fc7            fedora        
xom-javadoc.noarch                      1.0-3jpp.4.fc7            fedora        
xoo.i386                                0.7-7.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-sgml-doctools.noarch               1.1.1-1.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-apps.i386                      7.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                    1.3-1.fc7                 fedora        
xorg-x11-drivers.i386                   7.2-9.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-acecad.i386                1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-aiptek.i386                1.0.1-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-amd.i386                   2.7.7.7-2.fc8             updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-apm.i386                   1.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-ark.i386                   0.6.0-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-ast.i386                   0.81.0-6.fc8              fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-ati.i386                   6.8.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-avivo.i386                 0.0.1-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-calcomp.i386               1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-chips.i386                 1.1.1-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-cirrus.i386                1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-citron.i386                2.2.0-2.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-cyrix.i386                 1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-digitaledge.i386           1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-dmc.i386                   1.1.0-3.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.i386                 0.2.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-dynapro.i386               1.1.0-3.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-elographics.i386           1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.i386                 1.1.2-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.i386                 0.3.1-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-fpit.i386                  1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-glint.i386                 1.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-hyperpen.i386              1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-i128.i386                  1.2.1-1.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-i740.i386                  1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-i810.i386                  2.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-i810-devel.i386            2.1.1-7.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-ivtv.i386                  1.0.1-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-jamstudio.i386             1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-keyboard.i386              1.2.2-2.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-magellan.i386              1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-magictouch.i386            1.0.0.5-5.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-mga.i386                   1.4.6.1-6.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-microtouch.i386            1.1.0-2.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-mouse.i386                 1.2.3-1.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-mutouch.i386               1.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-neomagic.i386              1.1.1-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.i386               2.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-nsc.i386                   2.8.1-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-nv.i386                    2.1.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.i386            0.2.903-1.fc8             updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome-devel.i386      0.2.903-1.fc8             updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-palmax.i386                1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-penmount.i386              1.1.0-3.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-radeonhd.i386              1.2.1-1.1.20080429git.fc8 updates-newkey
xorg-x11-drv-rendition.i386             4.1.3-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-s3.i386                    0.5.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-s3virge.i386               1.9.1-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-savage.i386                2.1.3-1.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-siliconmotion.i386         1.5.1-3.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-sis.i386                   0.9.3-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-sisusb.i386                0.8.1-9.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-spaceorb.i386              1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-summa.i386                 1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-tdfx.i386                  1.3.0-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-tek4957.i386               1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-trident.i386               1.2.3-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-tseng.i386                 1.1.0-7.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-ur98.i386                  1.1.0-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.i386                   0.1.1-8.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-vermilion.i386             1.0.0-2.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.i386                  1.3.0-10.fc8              fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-vga.i386                   4.1.0-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-via.i386                   0.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-via-devel.i386             0.2.2-4.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-vmmouse.i386               12.4.3-1.fc8              fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.i386                10.15.2-1.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-void.i386                  1.1.1-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-drv-voodoo.i386                1.1.1-1.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-filesystem.noarch              7.1-2.fc6                 fedora        
xorg-x11-font-utils.i386                1:7.2-2.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch            7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch             7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch  7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch   7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch 7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch  7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch 7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch  7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch  7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch   7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch  7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch   7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch             7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch          7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch          7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch              7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-syriac.noarch            7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-fonts-truetype.noarch          7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch             7.3-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-resutils.i386                  7.1-4.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.i386               1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.i386             1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.i386              1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.i386               1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.i386               1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-sdk.i386                1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-source.i386             1.3.0.0-47.fc8            updates-newkey
xorg-x11-server-utils.i386              7.3-2.fc8                 updates-newkey
xorg-x11-twm.i386                       1:1.0.3-1.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-util-macros.i386               1.1.5-1.fc7               fedora        
xorg-x11-utils.i386                     7.3-1.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-xauth.i386                     1:1.0.2-3.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.i386                  1.0.1-4.1                 fedora        
xorg-x11-xdm.i386                       1:1.1.6-2.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-xfs.i386                       1:1.0.5-1.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-xfs-utils.i386                 1:1.0.5-1.fc8             fedora        
xorg-x11-xfwp.i386                      1.0.1-5.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-xinit.i386                     1.0.7-2.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.i386                 7.2-3.fc8                 fedora        
xorg-x11-xsm.i386                       1.0.2-6.fc8               fedora        
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel.i386              1.0.3-5.fc8               fedora        
xosd.i386                               2.2.14-10.fc8             fedora        
xosd-devel.i386                         2.2.14-10.fc8             fedora        
xosview.i386                            1.8.3-13.20080301cvs.fc8  updates-newkey
xournal.i386                            0.4.2.1-2.fc8             updates-newkey
xpa.i386                                2.1.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xpa-devel.i386                          2.1.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xpa-libs.i386                           2.1.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xpa-tcl.i386                            2.1.8-3.fc8               updates-newkey
xpad.i386                               2.14-2.fc8                updates-newkey
xpdf.i386                               1:3.02-7.fc8              updates-newkey
xpilot-ng.i386                          4.7.2-13.fc8              fedora        
xpilot-ng-logwatch.i386                 4.7.2-13.fc8              fedora        
xpilot-ng-selinux.i386                  4.7.2-13.fc8              fedora        
xpilot-ng-server.i386                   4.7.2-13.fc8              fedora        
xplanet.i386                            1.2.0-2.1.fc8.2           fedora        
xpp2.noarch                             2.1.10-6jpp.1.fc7         fedora        
xpp2-demo.noarch                        2.1.10-6jpp.1.fc7         fedora        
xpp2-doc.noarch                         2.1.10-6jpp.1.fc7         fedora        
xpp2-javadoc.noarch                     2.1.10-6jpp.1.fc7         fedora        
xpp3.noarch                             1.1.3.8-1jpp.1.fc7        fedora        
xpp3-javadoc.noarch                     1.1.3.8-1jpp.1.fc7        fedora        
xpp3-minimal.noarch                     1.1.3.8-1jpp.1.fc7        fedora        
xprobe2.i386                            0.3-9.fc8                 fedora        
xpsk31.i386                             1.2-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xqf.i386                                1.0.5-5.fc8               updates-newkey
xqilla.i386                             2.0.0-1.1.fc8             updates-newkey
xqilla-devel.i386                       2.0.0-1.1.fc8             updates-newkey
xqilla-doc.i386                         2.0.0-1.1.fc8             updates-newkey
xqilla10.i386                           1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xqilla10-devel.i386                     1.0.2-2.fc8               updates-newkey
xrestop.i386                            0.4-3.fc8                 fedora        
xsane.i386                              0.994-4.fc8               fedora        
xsane-gimp.i386                         0.994-4.fc8               fedora        
xsc.i386                                1.5-2.fc8                 fedora        
xscorch.i386                            0.2.0-12.fc8              fedora        
xscreensaver.i386                       1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-base.i386                  1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-extras.i386                1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-extras-gss.i386            1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-gl-base.i386               1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-gl-extras.i386             1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xscreensaver-gl-extras-gss.i386         1:5.07-4.fc8              updates-newkey
xsel.i386                               1.2.0-4.fc8               updates-newkey
xsettings-kde.i386                      0.6-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
xsp.i386                                1.2.1-1.fc7               fedora        
xsp-devel.i386                          1.2.1-1.fc7               fedora        
xsri.i386                               1:2.1.0-12.fc8            fedora        
xsupplicant.i386                        1.2.8-4.fc8.3             fedora        
xsupplicant-devel.i386                  1.2.8-4.fc8.3             fedora        
xterm.i386                              238-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
xtide.i386                              2.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
xtide-common.i386                       2.10-2.fc8                updates-newkey
xu4.i386                                1.1-0.2.cvs20070510.fc8   fedora        
xvattr.i386                             1.3-14                    fedora        
xwnc.i386                               0.3.3-6.fc8               updates-newkey
xwota.i386                              0.4-5.fc8                 updates-newkey
xwrits.i386                             2.24-2.fc6                fedora        
xxdiff.i386                             3.2-8.fc8                 updates-newkey
xxdiff-tools.i386                       3.2-8.fc8                 updates-newkey
xzgv.i386                               0.9-3.fc8                 updates-newkey
yadex.i386                              1.7.0-8.fc8               fedora        
yafc.i386                               1.1.1-9.fc8               fedora        
yafray.i386                             0.0.9-5.fc8               updates-newkey
yafray-devel.i386                       0.0.9-4.fc8               fedora        
yakuake.i386                            2.8.1-4.fc8               updates-newkey
yanone-kaffeesatz-fonts.noarch          20061120-3.fc8            updates-newkey
yap.i386                                5.1.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
yap-devel.i386                          5.1.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
yap-docs.i386                           5.1.1-8.fc8               updates-newkey
yasm.i386                               0.6.2-1.fc8               fedora        
yasm-devel.i386                         0.6.2-1.fc8               fedora        
yaz.i386                                3.0.34-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yelp.i386                               2.20.0-15.fc8             updates-newkey
yoltia.i386                             0.22.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
youtube-dl.noarch                       2008.01.24-1.fc8          updates-newkey
ypserv.i386                             2.19-9.fc8                updates-newkey
ytalk.i386                              3.3.0-9.fc8               fedora        
yum-NetworkManager-dispatcher.noarch    1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-aliases.noarch                      1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-allowdowngrade.noarch               1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-arch.noarch                         2.2.2-2.fc7               fedora        
yum-basearchonly.noarch                 1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-changelog.noarch                    1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-cron.noarch                         0.8.2-1.fc8               updates-newkey
yum-downloadonly.noarch                 1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-fedorakmod.noarch                   1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-filter-data.noarch                  1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-kernel-module.noarch                1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-keys.noarch                         1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-list-data.noarch                    1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-merge-conf.noarch                   1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-presto.noarch                       0.4.5-1.fc8               updates-newkey
yum-priorities.noarch                   1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-protect-packages.noarch             1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-protectbase.noarch                  1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-refresh-updatesd.noarch             1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-remove-with-leaves.noarch           1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-security.noarch                     1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-skip-broken.noarch                  1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-tmprepo.noarch                      1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-tsflags.noarch                      1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-updateonboot.noarch                 1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-upgrade-helper.noarch               1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-utils.noarch                        1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-verify.noarch                       1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yum-versionlock.noarch                  1.1.17-1.fc8              updates-newkey
yumex.noarch                            2.0.5-3.fc8               updates-newkey
z88dk.i386                              1.8-1.fc8                 updates-newkey
zabbix.i386                             1.4.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
zabbix-agent.i386                       1.4.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
zabbix-web.i386                         1.4.6-1.fc8               updates-newkey
zaptel.i386                             1.4.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
zaptel-devel.i386                       1.4.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
zaptel-lib.i386                         1.4.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
zaptel-utils.i386                       1.4.12.1-1.fc8            updates-newkey
zasx.i386                               1.30-5.fc8                fedora        
zd1211-firmware.noarch                  1.4-1                     fedora        
zenity.i386                             2.20.1-2.fc8              updates-newkey
zenon.i386                              0.5.0-3.fc8               updates-newkey
zeroinstall-injector.noarch             0.34-1.fc8                updates-newkey
zhcon.i386                              0.2.6-12.fc8              updates-newkey
zidrav.i386                             1.2.0-3.fc8               fedora        
zile.i386                               2.2.19-1.fc6              fedora        
zisofs-tools.i386                       1.0.8-2.fc8               fedora        
zlib-devel.i386                         1.2.3-14.fc8              fedora        
zoneminder.i386                         1.22.3-10.fc8             updates-newkey
zsh.i386                                4.3.4-4.fc8               fedora        
zsh-html.i386                           4.3.4-4.fc8               fedora        
zvbi.i386                               0.2.30-1.fc8              updates-newkey
zvbi-devel.i386                         0.2.30-1.fc8              updates-newkey
zvbi-fonts.i386                         0.2.30-1.fc8              updates-newkey
zynaddsubfx.i386                        2.2.1-17.fc8              fedora        
zziplib.i386                            0.13.49-4.fc8             fedora        
zziplib-devel.i386                      0.13.49-4.fc8             fedora        
zziplib-utils.i386                      0.13.49-4.fc8             fedora        
zzuf.i386                               0.9-2.fc8                 fedora        
